{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A knock on the window startled Luciana de Silva from a dreamless nap she unconsciously knew she wasn\'92t supposed to be taking. She unlocked the car doors, slid down her window and took a large, capped paper cup from the gloved hand of her new best friend\'97a recent acquaintance that was growing on her by the minute.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Latte, no sugar?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You know it,\'94 the man said, sounding far more awake than she thought he had any right being. It baffled her how anybody could stay awake through tedium of this kind, having never been introduced to it at her previous appointment.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Thanks, Ethan.\'94 She sipped it\'97quickly sliding up the window before all the precious warmth flowed out. Her coffee butler, Ethan Jones, walked around and got into the passenger seat, while she checked the time and realised she\'92d taken a little more than a nap.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You\'92re a regular snow white, Silva,\'94 Jones said, sensing her guilt.
\f1 \

\f0 She barely managed to keep the coffee in, holding the back of her free hand to her mouth just in case.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Shut up.\'94 She paused. \'93As if,\'94 she said, shaking her head, keeping her eyes fixed on a green door across the street\'97a little ways down from where they\'92d parked.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Any change?\'94, she asked.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Visited the store across the street about an hour ago, bought something to drink, maybe a pack of cigarettes, far as I could tell.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93People still do that?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You\'92d be surprised.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 They sat in silence for a while\'97both staring at the same thing much like they\'92d been doing for the past twelve hours. Silva\'97having recently been out cold for a few precious hours\'97let out a big yawn and sniffed.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Not a care in the world,\'94 she said.
\f1 \

\f0 Carelessness was a trait she would have envied were it not for the fact the world didn\'92t feel quite the same way. Given the choice, she always thought it preferable to 
\i know 
\i0 you were between a rock and a hard place\'97doubly so if you happened to be the rock; a practice she had become irreversibly accustomed to through her line of work.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Oh, and by the way,\'94 she faced her partner, who was still watching the door, and glared, \'93you ever try to kiss me, I\'92ll show you what it\'92s like to be asleep until further notice.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 He laughed, his heavy voice bouncing around the cramped vehicle. He chuckled along a bit as he started to take another sip of his coffee.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I don\'92t doubt it,\'94 he said some time after he\'92d swallowed.
\f1 \

\f0 There was a beeping noise from a central console, and after Jones tapped it a young woman\'92s voice emerged from beyond its large, flat screen.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93This is dispatch. Incoming from central, you mobile?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93We\'92re parked, hook us up,\'94 Silva replied.
\f1 \

\f0 They both touched a depression near the front of the console, and awaited an incoming signal\'97which almost immediately arrived. They answered, never once taking their eyes off their mark.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400
\cf0 A small, brightly lit metallic room appeared. A desk was set in the center, behind which a single figure was seated\'97hands folded and face down. Not long after they\'92d entered two empty chairs appeared in front of them. Silva and Jones each sat down.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What is it, chief?\'94 Jones asked.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93How up to date are you on last night\'92s attack?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 The man\'92s folded hands were gripping each other tightly, his glasses partially obscuring a penetrating gaze honed to perfection over years of staring contests\'97many of them with the proud owners of murderous eyes. A skill equally useful\'97Silva had discovered\'97at a family dinner, or a children\'92s birthday party.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Guy killed his best friend over booze, last I heard,\'94 Silva replied.
\f1 \

\f0 The man got up, walked over to the wall and waved his hand in front of it. An image of a man dressed in a business suit and tie appeared, at the bottom of which the name 
\i Thomas Ginney 
\i0 was written. Alongside it another picture of a far younger man appeared, carrying the moniker 
\i Frederick Barnes.
\f1\i0 \

\f0 \'93We\'92re thinking it might be connected to your case.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That would mean they\'92ve upped their game considerably,\'94 Jones said as he got up and approached the wall.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Register that for understatement of the year,\'94 Silva replied, turning her chair to face the wall. \'93What suggests they have anything to do with this?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93The weapon was out of place, for one.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Out of place, how?\'94, Jones asked.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Wrong place, out of place. It wasn\'92t purchased by either of 
\i these
\i0  guys,\'94 he gestured to the wall, \'93and wasn\'92t labeled. We traced the bottle back to a small brewery in a town just off the I95.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 A map appeared on the wall, the pictures moving and scaling to accommodate it, and the man used his right hand to bring it down to the location he was talking about.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93As you can see, this isn\'92t even remotely within walking distance of the attack.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93They took a bus, so what?\'94 Jones said.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Not according to the other residents they didn\'92t.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva got up and sat on the edge of the table overlooking the map.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I assume you already know how he got his hands on it,\'94 she said.
\f1 \

\f0 The man faced her as he took off his glasses.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Wouldn\'92t have interrupted you if I didn\'92t,\'94 he smiled. \'93This alone wouldn\'92t be much of a case.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 He walked past her, put his glasses back on and sat back down at the table. Silva got up and turned to face him.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Like I said, we\'92ve been interviewing some of the other\'85 residents, and many of the more lucid ones are corroborating the same story. That a couple of kids came to the alley that morning and gave Thomas the bottle. They\'92d never seen them before.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva and Jones absorbed this for a moment.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I can see you\'92re still doubting the connection to your case. There\'92s one more piece of information to complete the picture.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What was in the bottle?\'94 Silva asked.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Right on the money,\'94 the chief\'92s figure smiled, \'93as expected. We\'92re still trying to figure out what it is, but it\'92s not just whiskey. It seems viral.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Viral, as in virus?\'94 Jones asked.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Yes, but no. It\'92s not a virus, per se, but it behaves like one. Our experts are saying its engineered, and only partially organic.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva noticed the green door\'97that she was still watching with a sliver of her mind\'97opening, and a teenage boy emerging.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93We\'92ve got movement. What\'92s the order?\'94.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93We\'92re bringing them all in. Do it now. Try to do it quietly.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Quiet suits me just fine,\'94 Silva said.
\f1 \

\f0 The man disappeared and the room faded into nothingness.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400
\cf0 Silva and Jones took a second to get their bearings, then quickly exited the vehicle and jogged across the street. The boy was heading away from them.
\f1 \

\f0 Silva put her index and middle fingers to the back of her ear, and spoke softly.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Jack Greer, NYPD. Stop where you are and turn around with your hands in the air.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Jack stopped, visibly startled at the sudden voice booming inside of his head. He turned, slowly, quickly noticing the two officers standing only a few feet behind him; Jones was circling around to cut him off. Both of them had a hand on their holsters, but Silva had no intention to draw\'97another bit of endearing security Jones had misguidedly offered her.
\f1 \

\f0 He ran. Of course he ran; they always run. Jones quickly drew his weapon and hit Jack in the leg with an electric pulse, causing his leg to spasm and tripping him almost instantly. He yelled as he fell and\'97no longer able to get up\'97sat facing the officers as best he could, hands raised.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Alright, alright! Please don\'92t shoot me again! Ah, what the hell was that!?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Ain\'92t they something?\'94, Jones said, still pointing the weapon at Jack. \'93These babies are brand new. One hundred percent non-lethal.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva grabbed his hands and put clamps on them that whirred and stuck together behind his back, locking his arms in place.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That hurts!\'94 He screamed.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You\'92ll live\'94, Silva said as she picked him up and limped him to their car, while people around them started taking notice of what was happening.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Thanks.\'94 She looked back at Jones, who had just put his gun away.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Don\'92t mention it,\'94 he replied.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Where are you taking me?\'94 Jack yelled. Silva shoved his head down to get him into the car.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360

\f0 \cf0 \'93You\'92ll find out soon enough,\'94 she said flatly as she shut the door in his face.}