{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93I guess you lot think you\'92re pretty clever, don\'92t you?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Jack didn\'92t respond, still avoiding Silva\'92s gaze as he\'92d been doing for the past ten minutes.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93How old are you?\'94, she continued.
\f1 \

\f0 More silence.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I already know how old you are, Jack. No sense trying to hide it. Let\'92s try again, shall we? How old are you?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Twenty-three,\'94 he said, with some reluctance.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Considerably older than the rest, then.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93If you say so.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93So, you\'92re 
\i not
\i0  leading them?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93No!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That\'92s not what they said.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Jack looked up and his nostrils flared, his eyes widened\'97he was getting angry. Angry was 
\i good
\i0 . He moved forward in his seat\'97fighting with the cuffs that electromagnetically welded him to the table.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Bullshit!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I don\'92t know, Jack. It sounds plausible to me, and plausible means you\'92re going to be here for a while.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You\'92re so full of shit.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Look who's talking. You\'92ve been lying through your teeth since the second you got here.\'94 Silva got up and walked over to the mirror on the far side of the table\'97facing away from Jack\'97then turned around and leaned against it.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You\'92re not fooling anyone. We know you stole the map, Jack, and we practically found it on you. That\'92s a little something we call a fact. You know what\'92s great about facts?\'94 She walked towards him and leaned in to stare him square in the eyes. He looked away, saying nothing. Silva glared.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You can\'92t change them, Jack, so why don\'92t you stop trying so hard?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 The door opened and Jones looked at Silva from the opening, waited for their eyes to meet, then walked away from the opening\'97leaving the door where it was.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That means somebody\'92s telling us all about you. Another fact.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva walked out of the room.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Bull--,\'94 Jack started, the shutting door completely silencing anything else he might have said.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93He\'92s a real barrel of laughs, ain\'92t he,\'94 Jones said, looking at Jack\'97who still appeared to be cursing under his breath\'97from the other side of the one-way mirror. Silva folder her arms and tilted her head, nodding slightly in agreement.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Like a rat in a maze full of cats. What are the others doing?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Nothing.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93As in?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93As in nothing. They\'92re just sitting there. They don\'92t seem to be responding to anything we say. You\'92re welcome to try one, but you might fall asleep again.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Jones immediately ducked back\'97hands protecting his face\'97to avoid the swing Silva probably would have thrown had he stayed put.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93No, really, it\'92s quite boring after the creepiness wears off,\'94 he said.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Not a word?\'94 Silva asked, a hint of surprise in her tone.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Nada.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Did you try hitting them?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Jones laughed.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Looking for early retirement, are we? They\'92re kids, Silva.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I know. Doesn\'92t mean I don\'92t want to punch them sometimes.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Good thing everything\'92s being recorded then.\'94 Jones tapped his temple with his index and middle finger a few times.
\f1 \

\f0 Jack had apparently calmed down a little, but still appeared to be trying to do something that wasn\'92t happening\'97subsequently frustrating him again.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93How does he 
\i not
\i0  know he\'92s in a dark room? Is he the shittiest hacker you\'92ve ever seen or what?\'94 Silva asked, somewhat exasperated.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That\'92s why he fits the profile so well,\'94 Chief Schultz responded as he walked up behind them. \'93What\'92s he said so far?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Nothing helpful,\'94 Silva said, \'93but he\'92s clearly got something to hide.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Doesn\'92t everybody,\'94 Jones said.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Not from me they don\'92t,\'94 Silva vented.
\f1 \

\f0 Behind them daily life was only just starting to get underway\'97 desk-duty officers setting up for a day full of largely useless phone calls, hoping they\'92d be the one to catch the clue that broke a case. The brutal homicide had put everybody on edge, adding a seriousness to the air the building hadn\'92t known for years.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Why don\'92t you two get some sleep? We\'92ll let him sweat for a while.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Schultz waved to an officer that had just entered the holding area\'97which was separated from the desks by a heavy, biometrically locked electronic door and ridiculously expensive panes of bulletproof glass.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Yes?\'94 The officer said as he approached, the heavy door whirring briefly; ending with a sudden thud as the hermetic barriers fully pressurised behind him.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Brady. Get this kid some breakfast will you?\'94 Schultz said.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Anything in particular?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Something heavy. Don\'92t skimp either. And, this is important,\'94 the chief looked over the rims of his glasses, \'94give him the feeling he\'92s going to be here for a while.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Pancakes, then?\'94 Brady proffered, cheerfully.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Perfect!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Officer Brady turned and left the holding area again, moving out of the way for people that were moving across the door, then making haste towards the front exit.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Remind me,\'94 Silva started, \'93why are we feeding our suspect pancakes again?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Because he doesn\'92t want pancakes. His stomach is in so many knots right now, the smell alone will make him nauseous. Then you can eat them in front of him, which he\'92ll regret allowing you to do, because 
\i damn 
\i0 if he isn\'92t hungry by now.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What if he eats the pancakes, though?\'94 Jones asked.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Then he\'92s probably guilty.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva nodded in silent agreement\'97as did Jones\'97secretly questioning if the chief had finally lost his mind.
\f1 \

\f0 \'94But seriously, why don\'92t you take a nap in the mean time?\'94 Schultz said with a chuckle as he walked off.
\f1 \

\f0 Silva looked at Jones in disbelief, mouthing 
\i you told him!?
\i0 \'97her hands ready to grab something and strangle it, but Jones appeared to be as surprised as she was.}