{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A deafening pressure crushed Tom\'92s mind as the afternoon light shone into his eyes, causing him to shut them as tightly as he could. It didn\'92t help that the room was entirely white\'97the light bouncing around freely, giving him nothing particularly dark to focus on.
\f1 \

\f0 He tried raising his hand to cover his eyes, but his right arm was attached to the bed with a metal wristband. The other was constricted from the wrapped bandages that covered most of his chest. A sharp pain reminded him of what he\'92d gladly have forgotten, rushing through his body and making his heart race.
\f1 \

\f0 A nurse hastily entered the room and checked the equipment before turning his attention to Tom, whilst a police officer eyed him uneasily from the chair she occupied just outside of the room.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Don\'92t try to move too much, you\'92ll only make things worse.\'94 The nurse spoke without looking directly at him\'97his voice cold and precise.
\f1 \

\f0 Tom tried to speak but found that he could not. The pain still permeated every sense he had\'97in ways he didn\'92t care to have discovered\'97but that didn\'92t seem to be what stopped him. It was as if a most natural thing he\'92d always done suddenly seemed completely alien; as if he\'92d never done it before and really didn\'92t know where to start. He strained himself to forcibly repeat the things that he had always known how to do.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93W\'85 Wh\'85 Where\'85\'94, was all he could muster.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Lincoln Medical,\'94 the nurse said flatly.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Wh\'85 What\'85\'94, Tom said\'97the hoarseness of his own voice surprising him. The nurse stopped and looked at him, for the first time showing some compassion as he saw the look on Tom\'92s face.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Don\'92t tell me you don\'92t remember.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 The comment had almost sounded like a plea. The man\'92s furrowed, heavy brow betrayed an inner conflict.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Please. Water.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Of course.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 The nurse left the room immediately, conversing shortly with the officer who then put her fingers behind her ear and spoke to nobody in particular\'97nodding a few times before getting up and walking into the room. She closed the door behind her and tapped her right temple as she approached the bed.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Mr. Ginney,\'94 she started sternly, \'93my name is Officer Campbell. You have been remanded into my custody for the remainder of your stay at Lincoln Medical. I was asked to confirm your state of mind, so I would like to ask you a few questions. If at any time you feel you cannot continue, please let me know. Are you able to answer some questions at this time?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Tom slowly nodded and tried to clear his throat.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Do you understand where you are and why you are here?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 The nurse returned to the room with a paper cup filled with water, which he helped Tom drink after putting an extra pillow at his back and adjusting his bed to help him sit up a little. Campbell watched him intently\'97but said nothing\'97and once their eyes met he made haste to vacate the room as quickly as he could, softly closing the door behind him.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Should I repeat the question, Mr. Ginney?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93No. That\'92s, quite alright.\'94 Tom spoke slowly, taking pauses between sentences as he felt his ability to speak resurfacing.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93As far as I can, remember\'85\'94
\f1 \

\f0 He stopped.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Mr. Ginney?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Sorry. I\'92m\'85 a little groggy.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Take your time.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Tom took a deep breath, which really hurt, and waited for the pain to subside before continuing.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I remember Fred. I assume\'94, Tom looked at his bandages, \'93the officer shot me.\'94 He waited a moment before asking a question which weighed heavily on his mind. \'93Is Fred?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Deceased, I\'92m afraid. There was very little to be done, given your\'85 persistence. Can you elaborate as to why you killed him?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Tom considered this for some time.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93No,\'94 Tom said\'97quite simply\'97as he looked Campbell directly in the eyes.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What do you mean?\'94 Campbell asked quickly.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I can\'92t, I\'85 don\'92t know, why I killed him.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Campbell\'92s eyes seemed to go out of phase for a moment. Tom took the moment to assess his surroundings.
\f1 \

\f0 The room he occupied was square, a few yards in every direction, with a high ceiling. His eyes had finally adjusted to the bright white that was plastered onto everything; the low winter sun gleaming off of almost every surface, shining in from the sizable window to his left. He guessed he was at least six or seven stories up, his room overlooking a relatively new playground across the street\'97at the far corner of which a group of kids was playing baseball.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What were you and he discussing prior to your assault?\'94, Campbell said, prying Tom\'92s attention away from a boy trying to steal second base.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Nothing important. I think we discussed whiskey. Again.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 He returned his attention to the baseball game, where the boy was still edging away from the plate\'97his movements obviously spotted by the pitcher, who Tom felt was just biding his time.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0\i \cf0 Stop it, kid
\i0 .
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0 \cf0 He looked at the metal bracelet on his wrist\'97annoyed that it was limiting his range of motion\'97completely missing the fact that the boy had stopped dead in his tracks and was staring in his direction.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Is this really necessary?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You just stabbed a man to death with a bottle, sir, pardon my bluntness. So yes, they are quite necessary.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Oh come on, I\'92ve been shot and probably couldn\'92t hurt a fly at this point. Cut me some slack will you? Take \'91em off.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Campbell appeared to consider this for some time, remaining entirely motionless. Tom hadn\'92t actually thought she\'92d do it, but to his surprise she took them off just as he\'92d asked, giving him a much better view of the baseball game, where the kid had just been tagged out.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Thanks.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 He rubbed the red patch on his wrist with his other hand, whilst Campbell completely ignored his appreciation.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Do you remember your actions when you killed mister Barnes?\'94 Campbell asked, regaining her composure halfway through the sentence.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Well, not clearly. I had no intention of hurting him. I was looking at myself doing it, but I wanted nothing more than to stop.\'94 His voice trailed off, "why couldn't I stop\'85"
\f1 \

\f0 Tom suddenly felt light headed, the veins behind his eyes throbbing and the room starting to spin. His breathing sped up and he coughed\'97as softly as he could\'97causing him to grimace.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Mr. Ginney?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92m sorry,\'94 he said, faintly. \'93Can we continue this, some other time?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Campbell tapped her temple.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Certainly. I\'92ll be outside when you\'92re ready to continue.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Could you call the nurse, please?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Campbell turned around and walked out of the room without so much as a hint of hesitation, continuing well beyond her chair to find the nurse.
\f1 \

\f0 Tom leaned back in his bed, slowing his breathing and wishing the pain would subside already. When he felt his strength returning, he decided to check on the baseball game again.
\f1 \

\f0 The boy was still standing where he\'92d planned to steal second base, staring up at Tom\'92s window\'97his friends now approaching his motionless figure en-masse after the second base player had tagged him out. They waved their hands in front of his face and punched him on the shoulder, but there was no response.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0\i \cf0 Stop it, kid.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0 \cf0 The boy snapped out of his trance, punching back and acting like nothing was wrong. An argument about his status in the game ensued, which he vehemently argued.
\f1 \

\f0 A noise of the door opening alerted Tom that the nurse had walked back into the room.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You call\'97.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Stop,\'94 Tom interrupted him.
\f1 \

\f0 He stopped speaking; stopped moving.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Continue,\'94 Tom said.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Officer Campbell told me you\'92d called for me. Can I be of\'97.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Stop,\'94 Tom interrupted again.
\f1 \

\f0 Again, the nurse stopped dead. Tom thought that he could 
\i feel
\i0  him stopping\'97every fiber in him felt the ebb and flow of the man\'92s impediment.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Interesting.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Tom considered what to ask next, but before he could think of anything his body started seizing.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0\i \cf0 Help.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 The nurse rushed over to the equipment and adjusted the medication, which Tom quickly felt flowing into him\'97numbing his sense of the world. He felt his mind detaching from his body\'97that wouldn\'92t stop shaking\'97as he drifted into a dream, his feeling of the nurse dissipating; vanishing completely as he fell into a deep sleep.}