{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Silva was brought abruptly back from the depths of her thoughts by officer Brady, who had barged into the lounge where she was having an oversized cup of coffee.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Silva, a woman at the front desk is asking about a guy named Jack Greer. Are we holding anybody by that name?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Not according to her we\'92re not. Give me a second, I\'92ll be right out.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 The woman she found waiting for her was of average height, with green eyes and brown, bouncy curls hanging just above her shoulders.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Yes?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva tried to sound as uninterested as possible, exercising the important skill of pretending nothing was happening when what was actually going on was very, 
\i very 
\i0 exciting\'97it just happened to be none of anybody else\'92s business.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I heard you were holding a person named Jack Greer?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Who told you that,\'94 Silva responded\'97far too quickly\'97and immediately clenched her teeth.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You did.\'94
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0\i \cf0 Shit.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0 \cf0 \'93And you are?\'94 Silva said, trying to sound unphased.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Maggie Pierce.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 She ran a shallow search for the name\'97which came up empty\'97and put a request out for more information.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What\'92s he to you?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93A friend.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You might want to reconsider your relationship.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva smirked, but Maggie\'92s face seemed immovable.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93He\'92s not what you think he is.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93How\'92s that?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Have you 
\i spoken 
\i0 to him?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Not immovable, apparently, as Maggie\'92s face showed a clear sense of surprise. While Jack\'92s conversational skills could certainly use some work, the mental image of his persistence in trying to get a signal 
\i were
\i0  pretty memorable.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\i \cf0 Perhaps she does know him.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0 \cf0 \'93I\'92m not at liberty to discuss our investigation, which everybody, everywhere, knows. You watch Senseflix, don\'92t you?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What if I trade you?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Ah, the infamous trade. Silva had heard about these but had never really been offered one face-to-face. She\'92d been told she scared people too much for them to remain intelligible.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Trade me what?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Information.\'94
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0\i \cf0 Information!
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0 \cf0 Nothing had come back from the search as of yet. Perhaps she\'92d never been tracked, but given her connection to Jack\'97and her implied knowledge of his incompetence\'97that seemed unlikely, at best.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What kind of information?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I know how the hack works.\'94
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0\i \cf0 The hack?
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0 \cf0 Silva hadn\'92t mentioned any hacking so far, so how the hell did she connect the two? She beckoned to officer Brady, who uncomfortably detached himself from his desk and hobbled towards them.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Get this woman a drink,\'94 she looked at Maggie.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Water.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Some water, and bring it to interrogation. Follow me, Maggie.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 They walked over to the heavy door that lead to the interrogation rooms\'97officers eying them from behind their desks as they passed. 
\f1 \

\f0 Silva caught a glimpse of Maggie in the glass next to the door, and thought she looked frankly too composed. Most civilians that came back to interrogation were tense; uncomfortable as they were lead into a place they couldn\'92t leave without somebody\'92s help. Maggie looked like she was walking out, not in. Silva wasn\'92t buying it.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Water? You could get pretty much whatever, and you ask for water?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva put her hand on the flat pad next to the door, and it automatically swung open. She waved Maggie in.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Sorry to disappoint,\'94 Maggie said\'97smugly\'97as she walked through the heavy frame.
\f1 \

\f0 They passed several rooms that were occupied, which wasn\'92t visible to anybody but the officers that needed to find a place to put people.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Busy day?\'94 Maggie said.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Not really. Why do you ask?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93We just passed three rooms. I assume they\'92re occupied.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva stopped at the door to an empty room, and looked Maggie square in the eyes\'97one hand on the handle.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Why do I get the feeling you\'92ve been here before?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Maggie didn\'92t last long against Silva\'92s gaze, looking away almost immediately after she\'92d started staring her down. She opened the door and waited for Maggie to walk inside before checking the hallway and following her in, closing the door behind her immediately.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Mind if I ask how you knew we were holding Jack, honestly?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Maggie sat down at the table and leaned back.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Well, the other three stations I visited, it was always the same person coming back to tell me he wasn\'92t there. When 
\i you 
\i0 showed up, it was obvious bingo.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva pulled the chair adjacent from Nora from under the table and turned it around before sitting down, arms leaning on the back.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92ll try to keep that in mind next time a random person asks about my suspect. Although, you 
\i did
\i0  visit three other stations.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I did.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93The question is then, if you hadn\'92t visited the other three first, would you still have found him here?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Eventually. I was planning to visit them more than once if I came up empty.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Maggie seemed very pleased with her answer, a smile spreading across her already gleeful expression.
\f1 \

\f0 Officer Brady came in, precariously carrying a glass of water. He was a text-book example of how one could be perfectly balanced, and yet lack any sense of grace whatsoever.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You want anything, Silva?\'94 He asked, as he set the glass down on the table\'97the water echoing his wobble inside the stationary glass.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92m good. Thanks John.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Thanks,\'94 Maggie said as she picked up the glass and drank from it. Her eyes peered up over the rim of the glass, watching Brady leave the room much like he\'92d entered; ungracefully balanced, something infinitely more useful than fabulously flailing\'97unless you were an entertainer, she reckoned.
\f1 \

\f0 Silva folded her hands and looked at Maggie.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What\'92s this you were saying about a hack, Maggie?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Maggie put the water down, and leaned back in her chair again.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93There\'92s a rumor going around somebody was hacked.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Meaning?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Somebody made a person do nasty things, sort of hack.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93And\'85 where did this rumor come from?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Oh, you know. 
\i Somewhere
\i0 . Like crickets you can never quite tell where they\'92re coming from.\'94
\f1  
\f0 She waved her hands around and looked this way and that.
\f1 \

\f0 Silva leaned into the table. \'93Something tells me no little birdies whispered this to you.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Maggie raised her shoulders and made a noise to indicate the distinction was lost on her, or she didn\'92t care.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93So, you\'92ve spoken to Jack, yes?\'94 Maggie asked.
\f1 \

\f0 Silva wasn\'92t ready to start having an open conversation just yet. You can\'92t just go around telling people what you\'92re doing as a detective, especially if they seem to know your suspects better than you do.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What if I have?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Well, assuming you know about the hack, and have spoken to Jack, I can\'92t imagine a universe in which you could possibly still think he pulled it off.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Why\'92s that?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Because he couldn\'92t hack a birthday cake if you gave him a knife. Hacking a person? That doesn\'92t just take skill\'97which he doesn\'92t have\'97that takes 
\i finesse
\i0 .\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93It sounds like maybe I should arrest you, instead.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Maggie laughed and leaned her chair back on two legs.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Maybe you should,\'94 she paused, \'93and maybe you will.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Oh?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Like I said, I know how the hack works. How often does a person come in with that kind of information and 
\i not
\i0  become a suspect, right there and then?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93So how 
\i does
\i0  it work?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I want to know you\'92re letting Jack off the hook before I tell you anything else.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Just like that?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Maggie landed her chair back on all-fours, and leaned towards Silva.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Just like that.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93How do I know you\'92re not full of it?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You don\'92t.\'94 She looked away from Silva, as if she was looking for something to do.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Alright, so give me a hint that tells me you have a clue what you\'92re talking about.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Maggie looked up to the left, meshing her face together\'97actively deciding what to say. Her lips moved a little, but she didn\'92t speak.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93It would probably have to be ingested.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What would?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93The hack. Whoever was hacked ate or drank whatever it was. Now, let Jack go or I stop talking.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Maggie folded her arms and smirked. There was a knock at the door.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92ll see what I can do,\'94 Silva said, as she got up and walked towards the door.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Don\'92t go anywhere.\'94 She pointed at Maggie for added emphasis. Something told her this woman was likely to disappear at the drop of a hat, dark room or no.
\f1 \

\f0 Jones was waiting for her outside. She pointed back to the room over her shoulder.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93This woman just correctly identified what carried the hack. Said it was ingested,\'94 Silva said.
\f1 \

\f0 Jones put his right hand to his goatee.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93It gets more interesting than that, though,\'94 he added.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What do you mean?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93The search you\'92ve been running on her came up bogus, right?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93So?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93This woman is 
\i not
\i0  who she says she is. We ran an image of her through the database.\'94 Jones fumed, trying to whisper.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93So who is she?\'94 Silva matched his volume, leaning into the space between them.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Does she seem unusually tech-savvy, to you? A 
\i prodigy
\i0 , perhaps?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Jones raised his eyebrows and looked at Silva expectantly, whilst she frowned\'97a look of surprise hitting when his reference finally dawned on her.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Wait, are you saying this is\'97\'94.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Alice Reins.\'94 Jones said, slowly but fiercely\'97nodding his head in rhythm with the syllables.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93
\i The
\i0  Alice Reins?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I know, right? What are the odds,\'94 Jones said; an air of pleasurable excitement in his voice.
\f1 \

\f0 Silva gasped as she watched Maggie\'97Alice\'97through the one-way mirror. Knowing now who she really was, she saw her in an entirely new light; her earlier behaviour unraveling like the rehearsed performance it had probably been. Reinterpreting it based on her known history actually made her look vulnerable, like she\'92d been forced to wear her pain like a suit of armor\'97obviously failing\'97which 
\i infuriated
\i0  Silva.
\f1 \

\f0 She walked back into the room closely followed by Jones and folded her arms, waiting for Jones to close the door.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93So, 
\i Alice
\i0 ,\'94 she started.
\f1 \

\f0 Alice let out a deep breath, that appeared to release a tension she\'92d been holding in for a long time.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Please don\'92t call me that.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93So what 
\i do 
\i0 we call you?\'94 Jones asked aggressively.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Nora will do.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva wondered if the alias had been anything but a figment of her imagination.
\f1  
\f0 \'93Who\'92s Maggie Pierce, then?\'94 She asked.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Some girl I used to know.\'94 Nora looked away from the officers that were both glaring at her; Jones especially.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Who you were pretending to be, because\'85\'94 Silva asked.
\f1 \

\f0 Nora looked at her with a face full of disbelief.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Would you have listened to me if I\'92d come in here as myself? Would you have even let me in?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That doesn\'92t excuse the fact you entered under false pretenses.\'94 Jones raised his voice, leaning forward on the table. Silva pushed her hand against his shoulder, signaling him to back off on this one.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Why 
\i are 
\i0 you here?\'94 She asked.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93My pretenses weren\'92t false, they haven\'92t changed. I\'92m still here to tell you Jack is not your guy, because he isn\'92t. I\'92m still willing to trade information on the hack, whether you\'92re willing to believe it or not.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93And why the hell would we do that?\'94 Jones asked in a repressed, irritated way.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93They called me a prodigy for a reason, remember? It\'92s not like that part of me has changed.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora\'92s voice trailed off at the end of her sentence, like she didn\'92t really mean it; perhaps she\'92d believed it once, but now repeated it only to convince herself of a remembered truth.
\f1 \

\f0 Silva felt for her, and knew that Jones obviously did not. She couldn't blame him, but he\'92d never gone through what they\'92d gone through, and honestly Nora\'92d had it much worse than Silva could ever relate to; which she tried nonetheless.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92ll see what I can do about Jack.\'94 Their eyes met. \'93I promise.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Jones looked at her questioningly, and Silva shook her head. She didn\'92t want him pushing the issue any more than he already had. He nodded towards Nora, his eyes flaring, after which she nodded concedingly.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You, on the other hand,\'94 Jones started, \'93aren\'92t going anywhere until we\'92ve figured out how you\'92re involved.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I figured as much,\'94 Nora said, sounding exhausted. \'93Wait till I tell you how I found out about the hack,\'94 she mumbled.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Why?\'94, Silva asked, stopping while holding the door.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Because you\'92ll probably arrest me on the spot.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1
\cf0 Silva and Jones walked into Schultz\'92 office as if they\'92d been expected to enter, and Schultz certainly seemed to have been waiting for them.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I assume you were listening?\'94 Silva said.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I was, and I\'92d prefer you not make any promises I won\'92t be able to keep, Silva.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Schultz stared at her sternly.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Understood.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Jones put himself between Silva and Schultz and leaned with one hand on the desk.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I don\'92t think we should listen to her, chief,\'94 he said.
\f1 \

\f0 Schultz took off his glasses and put them down in front of him.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Everything she\'92s said so far pans out, Jones.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93But this is Alice Reins we\'92re talking about!\'94 Jones fumed.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Keep it together, Jones.\'94 Schultz demanded. \'93You\'92re too close to this, but I want Silva on the case. If you mess this up I\'92ll be forced to take you both off or have you assigned a new partner, and I\'92m not eager to go through all that paperwork again.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Jones took a deep breath and stepped back. \'93Of course, chief.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I wasn\'92t too eager to keep this Greer kid around for much longer as it was, so tell her we\'92ll let him go if she gives us something to work with. We\'92ll keep a tracker on Greer, and give him a stern warning, but he seems rather useless so I doubt he\'92ll be much trouble,\'94 Schultz looked at Silva, \'94if we scare him a little.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Can do, chief. I know just the thing to scare him with.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \
When Silva got to Jack, he lay awake on the bed of the overnight cell. He got up quickly as soon as he noticed her approach.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I won\'92t tell you anything. You might as well lock me up.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva sighed. \'93Oh, shut it. You don\'92t know anything.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 She unlocked the cell door and stepped aside, leaving the opening of the door vacant.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Come on, out you go.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What?\'94 Jack started getting up, but hesitated. \'93This some kind of trick?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93No trick. You don\'92t know anything. You know that, we know that. Come on. Get.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Jack got up and walked to the door. As he stepped through it, Silva put her hand on his chest and stopped him.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93
\i However
\i0 , you have some very interesting friends.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You said I could go!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Oh, you can go. But we\'92ll be watching you, Jack, just in case you decide to get any of those interesting friends in trouble.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 She stared him square in the eyes. She could smell the anger on him, but his eyes betrayed him. She removed her hand.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Get out of here.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Jack left in a hurry, escorted by Officer Brady who was at the end of the hallway.}