{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi361\sl336\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93Wanna arm wrestle?\'94 Maggie asked.\
Alice looked over her shoulder, a towel covering her wet hair as she rubbed it dry. She frowned.\
\'93I\'92m not stupid. How about we play poker instead?\'94, she said.\
\'93Hah, now there\'92s a game I\'92m never playing with you again. You still owe me a bottle.\'94\
Maggie laughed and put the can she\'92d been crushing on the table. It buckled. \'93Oops,\'94 she said.\
\'93That bottle was won fair and\'97\'94, Alice started.\
A voice bellowed from beyond the door separating the two showers, which no longer closed properly and was permanently ajar.\
\'93Hey, what\'92s with the noise over there! Margret, you better not be wrecking the place.\'94\
\'93Just slipped a little, sorry! Won\'92t happen again!\'94 She yelled. Alice and her both snickered.\
\'93Better not!\'94\
Maggie got up from the bench in the middle of the room and leaned against the dresser next to Alice.\
\'93Man, why\'92s your dad such a hard-ass anyway?\'94\
\'93I don\'92t know. He\'92s been like this ever since I joined the program. I swear he used to be really chill.\'94\
Maggie slid her back down the metal and sat down. \'93Something I believe less and less every day,\'94 she sighed.\
"So what are you doing today?" Alice asked.\
"They keep asking me to lift heavy stuff. I half expect them to ask me to lift a car at some point."\
"What, no way!"\
"Yeah way, sooner rather than later, too. They're taking forever to make any progress. 
\i 'We have to be careful Margret, we can't just skip intermittent steps Margret',
\i0 " she said in a whining voice. "Bla bla bla."\
"Aren't you afraid to get hurt?"\
"My god, I would love a little time off. Reckon I should punch myself?"\
Maggie faked punching and knocking herself out.\
"Stop it, Mags!" Alice laughed, "you're crazy."\
"And you're not? Sheesh\'85"\
"What?" Alice said sheepishly.\
"You're like a spider with a million eyes. We'd have played poker in the showers if the cards could survive it, 's the only place they haven't put a camera."\
"That we know of," Alice said.\
"
\i That we know of
\i0 ," Maggie repeated as their eyes met. "But you couldn't find it so I'm pretty sure it doesn't exist."\
"Yeah, true."\
After a few seconds of silence Alice let out a deep sigh.\
"I miss school."\
Maggie could barely contain herself.\
"God, that is 
\i so
\i0  like you. 
\i I
\i0  wish they'd started this sooner."\
"But what about your friends?"\
"What friends? Idiots, the lot of them. Sheep. Kind of like you, actually," Maggie said as she got up.\
"Hey!"\
"Relax, at least you don't 
\i act
\i0  like them. You're not a sheep in wolf's clothes, are you?"\
Maggie walked over to her locker.\
"No. At least, I hope not."\
"Good. Keep that up."\
Alice paused at that a bit, then got up as well.\
"Come on, let's go," Maggie said, and slammed her locker shut so hard it echoed throughout the building.}