{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93Where do you want this, sir?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Tom hurriedly finished the spoonful of ice cream he\'92d just crammed into his face.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93\'92ight \'91ere in \'91e middle is fine,\'94 he said as he cleared his mouth. \'93Not too far, yeh? Eyes aren\'92t what they used to be.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 The two large men carried the thick slab and placed it on a table in front of the bed. It looked like a solid slab of plastic, but was considerably heavier; with a black rear-panel, and a bottom section that stylishly hid the magic: a staggering array of rapid fire lasers. Tom had always wanted one of these and he\'92d had one, for a while.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i \cf0 Never did get the chance to use it.
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0\i0 \cf0 \'93Where\'92d you dig this up, then? It looks new. I though they stopped selling these years ago.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Found this in the conference room upstairs, sir,\'94 one of the men said as he took off his gloves. \'93Hardly been used, by the looks of it. But, sir, if I might ask.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Mm?\'94 Tom\'92s mouth was full of ice cream once again.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Don\'92t you have an implant, sir? What is this for?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 It was funny how quickly you could get used to people talking to you like this again. The status oozing off of every syllable; every question not demanding but begging for your attention.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0\i \cf0 Oh, how I\'92ve missed this.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 \'93You just leave that up to me, right? No sense mulling over the details. Please leave.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 The men quickly left the room and closed the door behind them. Tom\'92s view had improved considerably once he\'92d been moved to a corner on the 10th. Plenty of windows and so much more room to think. It\'92d been added to the original structure some thirty years ago to house a lot of the cybernetics department. Most of the hardware had shrunk a lot since then, leaving loads of room to redecorate, which Tom had been doing ever since he\'92d woken up.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Campbell!\'94 Tom yelled.
\f1 \

\f0 The door opened and officer Campbell entered quickly.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Yes, sir?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Get me another one of these will you?\'94 He said, as he lobbed the empty ice cream carton at her.
\f1 \

\f0 She scrambled to catch it. \'93Certainly, sir.\'94 She darted out as quickly as she\'92d entered.
\f1 \

\f0 Tom looked at the plastic slab and waved his right hand. The holopanel sprang to life and began searching for a signal, its spherical loading graphic consisting of several layered rings moving in various directions.
\f1 \

\f0 Campbell burst into the room just as the TV found a signal. She handed him the ice cream, but Tom just looked at it.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Open that for me. You know I shouldn\'92t strain myself yet, pay attention.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Sorry, sir.\'93 She opened it and handed it to him.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Thank you.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Anything else, sir?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Tom gestured to the TV. \'93Anything good you know about?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Campbell thought about this for a while. \'93Well, since you\'92ve been out of the loop for a few weeks I guess you haven\'92t heard of The Awakened, sir?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93The what?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Awakened, sir. They banded together following the event.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Event? What event?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I assumed you knew, sir. Now that I think about it, you were out by then weren\'92t you.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Well, come on then. What event?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Little over a week now, sir. The entire city lost consciousness all at once, well almost everybody. Lots of people died in the turmoil. This one actor says he saw it happen, knows what its all about. He\'92s been on TV ever since, I\'92m sure you can find it.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Interesting. Thank you Campbell, that will be all. Sit back down outside.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Certainly, sir.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Campbell rushed out.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Who\'92s this actor, I wonder.\'94 Tom raised his hand and waved it sideways in short bursts, skipping channels as he went along. Most of it was news that appeared to be centered around memorials. Eventually Tom passed an afternoon talk show that was live.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0\i \cf0 \
"I notice you avoid calling each other husband and wife, is that on purpose?"\
"It is. We think our language reflects our minds, and to be perfectly honest our marriage is really just a formality to simplify our taxes." 
\i0 He laughed as he looked at Meredith, who was poised to continue.\
"
\i I am no more his wife than he is my husband, and we like to remind ourselves of this by not laying claim to each other in words."\
"I'm sure a lot of people assume because they only ever see me, that Meredith is just along for the ride. It's quite the opposite, I assure you."\
"So it's very much a partnership."\
"Robert would still be dangling from a rope if I hadn't given the scope of his ambitions a very necessary boost."\
"And the support to match,"
\i0  Robert added
\i . "Meredith brings a wealth of political experience to the table, which makes dealing with the lobbyists a lot easier, trust me."\
"But The Awakened is not a political movement, is it?"\
"If you get big enough, you're always going to be political," 
\i0 Meredith said.\

\i "I guess you would, wouldn't you. Some people are even calling The Awakened a religion at this point. How do you feel about that?"\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 Meredith looked at Robert, and he surmised this one was his.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i \cf0 "There's a religious aspect to it, of course, but it's not deist. It's humanist at its core."\
"So you're not bothered by the label?"\
"People can call it whatever they like. I think if they call it a religion it's because they see that we offer a relevance that mainstream religion has slowly lost for decades, but we don't have rituals or churches or anything I personally relate to religious practice."\
"But you have places where people can come together."\
"Well, yes, but there's nothing ritualistic about those places. People are free to start one themselves, from the comfort of their home if they'd like, as long as they are open to all."\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 \
\'93He sounds like a right git, this one,\'94 Tom whispered to himself.
\f1 \

\f0 Tom stared intently at the actor in his chair.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0\i \cf0 Get up and jump.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 Nothing happened. The man just kept talking with the show host. He looked at the host.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i \cf0 Get up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 The host got up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i \cf0 Sit down.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 The host sat down. His guests, and himself, slightly surprised but moving on quickly.\
Obviously, that did the trick.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i \cf0 What's with that other bloke.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 He focussed extra hard on the actor.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Get up and jump.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Still nothing. There was a thud outside the door.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Not you, Campbell!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Sorry, sir!\'94 Her voice muffled from the other side of the door. There was another thud on the wall as she sat back down.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0\i \cf0 Hmm.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 \'93Campbell?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Thud. She entered. \'93Yes, sir?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Can you find out when this man\'92s next appearance is?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Certainly, sir. What are you planning?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Tom stared at the TV as the host thanked his guests, for their appearance. The fake smiles made his skin crawl.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92ve not entirely decided, but I think it will require a more\'85 personal touch.\'94}