{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 "I don't think he can keep the two separated, chief."\
Schultz took his glasses off and rubbed his eyes with the other hand.\
"It's not that I don't agree," he said.\
There was a knock at the door.\
"Come in," Schultz belted. Silva winced at the sudden spike in volume.\
Officer Brady opened the door and stood in the opening.\
"Sorry to interrupt, sir."\
Schultz put his glasses back on.\
"What is it?"\
"There's a lawyer here to see Miss Reins, sir, name o' Wilks."\
"Right. Take care of that first, Silva."\
"Will do," she said as she got up and approached the door. Brady had already left to return to his desk.\
"And Silva," Schultz said as he waited for their eyes to meet; his friendliest stare glaring out over the rim of his glasses. "Keep an eye on him."\
"Sure thing, chief."\
\
As she arrived at the waiting room, Silva found a heavy-set man in an expensive suit carrying a briefcase; he had short hair and was balding at the top. She extended a hand as she approached him.\
"Mister Wilks, I presume. Detective Silva."\
"Paul Wilks, pleasure to meet you, Detective."\
Paul opened his briefcase and took out a small tablet which he handed to Silva.
\b \

\b0 "I'm a busy man, Detective, so I'd like to keep this as brief as possible. I'd like to talk to my client right away. You'll find that I am quite familiar with the procedures involving people of her\'85 stature, so I don't need the lecture. No touching the client. Nothing brought in or out."\
Silva sighed and examined the tablet's contents, which were hovering just above the surface.\
"You're not much for small talk, are you Mister Wilks."\
Paul smiled. "Not if I can help it."\
"Follow me," Silva said, and they headed towards interrogation.\
\
Nora was brought into the room by Officer Brady, who'd removed her cuffs as they arrived. She'd expected another conversation with Detective Silva, but an unfamiliar face greeted her. Brady left as soon as they'd arrived, leaving just the two of them.\
"Miss Reins, I am to be your lawyer. My name is Paul Wilks," the large man said. He remained seated, but gestured towards the chair at the other side of the table.\
"Nice to meet you, mister Wilks," Nora said uncertainly as she sat down across from him.\
"I'd shake your hand, but that would end our conversation prematurely. Please, call me Paul."\
"Nice to meet you, 
\i Paul
\i0 , then."\
"I'll remind you that this conversation is being recorded. Not 
\i watched
\i0 , but recorded nonetheless," he pointed to a camera in the far corner of the room.\
"What for?"\
"To prevent us from shaking hands, for instance. I'm afraid a lot has changed since you were last in this position, miss Reins. You actually have yourself to thank for most of that."\
"Wonderful."\
"Now, I'd like you to tell me everything that's happened from the moment you arrived. Leave 
\i nothing
\i0  out, and most of all, 
\i don't lie
\i0 ."\
Nora took a deep breath and told him everything she thought he needed to know.\
\
"Keep this door open, Officer. I won't be long," Paul said as he walked out of interrogation and headed straight for Silva's desk.\
"When were you going to tell me your partner assaulted my client, Detective. Is this true?"\
Silva sighed.\

\i I can't believe I have to say this.\

\i0 "You didn't have much time for small talk, and yes its true. It was recorded, you're welcome to the records. You'll see it happened in the heat of the moment\'96\'96."\
"The law doesn't care about the circumstances, Detective. It's assault, plain and simple. Now either you charge my client or she's coming with me."\
Paul turned and started walking back to interrogation.\
"You do realize she is in real danger of reprisal, don't you?"\
He stopped and turned. "From people like your partner? Certainly."\
"That won't happen again," she whispered as she walked up close to him. "We need to keep her safe, and she's much safer here." Silva spoke slowly, emphasising almost every word to make sure everything she said landed.\

\i He's not listening.
\i0 \
Paul's face hadn't changed a bit. He seemed determined to continue on whatever course of action he had planned.\
"I understand this perfectly, Detective, but you don't get to decide that for her. Shall we ask her, instead?" He extended his hand towards interrogation.\
"I have a better idea," Silva said as she guided Paul towards Schultz' office.\
\
Schultz was reading as they entered. He didn't look up \
"I was wondering when this would bite us in the ass."\
"I'm sorry the law is inconvenient, mister Schultz."\
Schultz glared at Paul. "Don't get me wrong, mister Wilks. I agree with your position." He looked at Silva. "You have explained that it may not be in his client's best interest to go home?"\
"I have, sir."\
Paul interceded aggressively. "The only question of any relevance is whether or not you are going to charge her?"\
Schultz got up and walked to his window. "What with?" He looked back at Paul. "I've already spoken to the DA, and they told me what you must already know. She either signs a confession, which you'll never advise, or we link her to the person she supposedly hacked. Since we haven't, she's free to go," he paused. "For now. We'll be looking for this Sorensen character."\
Silva turned and faced Paul, "But may I please ask that you reconsider. There are a lot more people with grievances like Jones' out there than there are in here."\
Paul snorted. "But none of 
\i them
\i0  have any idea where she is, and I expect us all to keep it that way."\
"That goes without question," Schultz said.\
"If there's nothing else?" Paul beckoned.\
Schultz waved him out of the office. Once he'd left Schultz tapped his temple.\
"Brady," he paused. "Mister Wilks is about to come pick up miss Reins. She's free to go."}