{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AndaleMono;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Nora woke to a sound she remembered from when she was a little girl. A quick succession of high taps, but irregular; light rain hitting slanted panes of glass, perhaps. She looked out the window, beyond the bare red brick wall next to her bed, which was more like a stretcher.\

\i Not rain.
\i0 \
She sat up and got dressed, then walked into the large living room at the center of the apartment. David was sitting at a computer in the corner that'd been covered by a white sheet when they'd arrived.\
"Holy shit, that's a keyboard." She exclaimed as she rushed towards it.\
"Yes it is."\
"And that," she gasped, "is an honest to god CRT monitor."\
"You betcha."\
"Turn it off."\
"It 
\i is
\i0  off."\
"Oh, well\'85 turn it on and then off."\
"What for?" \
"Humour me."\
David turned the monitor on and off.\
"What was that all about?"\
"Nothing."\
"Eh\'85 Okay."\
Nora remembered a flash of what was on the screen; looked like a barebones messaging system. David had been communicating with somebody. "Who's FO-2?"\
David got up and walked to the kitchen. "Are you spying on me, Nora?"\
"No, just curious."\
"So yes. I'm not exactly sure what FO stads for, but the two stands for the second location. We're in FO-1, as you know. This computer is part of a closed network between several locations."\
"So who's at FO-2?"\
"You don't miss anything, do you."\
Nora raised her hands. "Guess not."\
David sighed. "Can't be entirely sure. I guess you rely on identifying each other based on shared information, like the last time you spoke. My best guess right now is Paul."\
"Why are you using this, instead of any of those other ones?" Nora pointed to a corner with less archaic flatscreens.\
"This is what the system was built on way back when. I guess if it aint broke, don't fix it? Besides, the whole idea was that this network shouldn't be touched after it was built."\
"Did you build it?"\
David snorted. "How old do you think I am?"\
"Sorry. May I?" Nora asked sheepishly.\
"Of course," David said. "Let me reset it to give you the full experience." He flipped a switch and held a red button on the side of the trapezoid case.\
"These things have their own battery in case of a power failure, but if you hold this for ten seconds it'll power down entirely."\
After more than ten seconds had passed he let go of the button, flipped the switch again, and turned the monitor back on.\
The screen flashed a BIOS version number, initialized its hardware components, and then cleared the screen. A rotating line was left at the end of a sentence, 'Network discovery, please wait'.\
"This is taking forever," Nora commented after a few seconds.\
David got out of the seat and gestured her to sit down. "Fastest it could go at the time."\
Nora sat down eagerly. Several other stations appeared as the sentence moved down. FO-2 wasn't the only one, she noticed they went up to FO-9. The screen cleared again and displayed the messaging system she'd seen before.\
"Alright, this is the main hub. You can see the list of discovered locations on the right," David pointed to a rectangular list of names. "Select from these using the arrow keys."\
Nora stared down at the keyboard and found them easily enough. She'd seen these things before, but it had been a long time. This one in particular wasn't like anything she remembered, though.\
"Go ahead and select FO-2. Paul should still be there, just don't expect any quick responses."\
Nora stared at the name for a few seconds before remembering she had to use the arrow keys. She thought it was strangely dissociative not to feel the machine's actions through her overlay. Having to rely purely on what you were seeing seemed to her like a really error-prone way to do things.\
"Alright, now hit enter."\
She looked down. "Where's enter?"\
"That large button with the arrow that's turning a corner."\
"Why do you call that enter?"\
"I honestly don't know."\
She hit the enter-key and the foreground and background colours that said 'FO-2' inverted.\
"That means FO-2 is selected for outgoing messages. You can select more than one, but for now that's all we need. Hit left on the arrows to move over to the messaging window, and you're all set."\
Nora moved left and typed a message. It took her a considerable time to find all the letters.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 \

\fs22 FO-1: Hey Bob1\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
"How do I\'96\'96".\
"Hold this button down on the left, and hit 1," David said as he removed the last character. "Use that to erase characters."\
"Sheesh, this is clunky."\
"Its all I've ever known."\
She added an exclamation mark and hit enter.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 \

\fs22 FO-1: Hey Bob!\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
"And now we wait," David said as he walked over to the kitchen. "You want something to drink? This could take a while."\
"Sure." Nora stared at the monitor for a while, but nothing happened.\
David grabbed a soda can from the fridge and handed it to her.\
"Feel free to eat or drink anything you find. I've got things to do. Anything urgent you need, there's a store across the street. Any questions?"\
Nora shook her head.\
"Great. I'll check in with you sometime tomorrow."\
David left in a hurry, leaving Nora alone in the spacious but messy apartment. The fact there was a dead zone in the middle of the city surprised her, let alone that there were nine of them. Of course she didn't know where the other eight were, but she guessed FO-2 was at least somewhere nearby.\
Paul hadn't responded to her message yet, so she explored the rest of the space. The central living room had an island kitchen and a large fridge against the wall. There were two showers and two bathrooms, and around the living room six small rooms with two beds each lined the outside. All the walls were bare red bricked, and there wasn't much to sit on aside from a couch and a couple of chairs. There were a 
\i lot
\i0  of closets though, metallic with empty shelves; some without doors, some with, some locked.\
She jumped on the couch and lay down with a view of the computer screen; quickly dozing off as she basked in the alienating silence of the dead zone. Ever since Jack's arrest she'd wanted to go home and disappear for a while. This place seemed like the perfect opportunity.}