{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Nora Reins enjoyed a good nightmare every now and then, but the recent consistency of them had made her run out of sheets far too quickly\'97and if there was one thing Nora detested more than laundry it was sweating. The echo of a high scream resounded in her mind, but like the dream the sound was long gone.
\f1 \

\f0 She straightened herself and sat upright, dragging a sleeping cat along with her legs. It murmured a bit, then rolled over in a stretch.
\f1 \

\f0 "Nothing ever bothers you, does it Whiskey?"
\f1 \

\f0 Whiskey made an indescribable noise\'97somewhere between a miauw and a growl\'97and proceeded to kneed the covers on Nora's lap. At least she pretended to be a cat sometimes.
\f1 \

\f0 "Yes, yes... food it is." Nora threw the covers on top of Whiskey, whose figure promptly disappeared under the cascading sheets. When Nora arrived in the kitchen Whiskey was already there. An early morning sun blazed through the lamellae, causing her to squint as the rays blinded her nightcrawler-eyes. She shielded her face with her right hand, closed her eyes and rubbed them for a while\'97her thoughts wandered with every motion.
\f1 \

\f0 It hadn't been a nightmare. How could it have been? It's hard not to think of it as such when you wake up screaming, so there must be something nightmarish about it. A lot of them were about work, so maybe it was the quietness that bothered her? That\'92d be a first.
\f1 \

\f0 "Mgriauowl? Mgriauowl!" Whiskey anxiously poked at the food dispenser. Its network connectivity had stopped working, but Nora hadn't wanted to get it fixed because she liked the interaction\'97what good is a pet that feeds itself?
\f1 \

\f0 "I'm sorry, Whiskey.\'94 She bent down to pet the furry little critter, who avoided her every advance and kept weaving towards the food. 
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I guess I haven't quite woken up yet." Nora hit a button on top of the contraption, which promptly whirred into action. She looked out the window with half her mind, and as she polled local news and weather services their morning feeds appeared beyond the glass. Everything was still in its right place, evidently.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Whatever.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400
\cf0 The room appeared as if a CRT monitor was being turned off in reverse\'97or so Nora\'92d been told. She\'92d always meant to confirm the description.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Hey N!\'94 Said a voice from across the room, whose decorators would no doubt have thought musty and poorly lit were compliments. Small groups of people littered the tables that were haphazardly available throughout. There were no doors or windows to be found, but Nora\'92s spontaneous arrival had been jubilantly announced by a droid in the corner, that had all but thrown confetti when she\'92d entered.
\f1 \

\f0 It used to throw confetti.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\i \cf0 Got I hate that thing\'85
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Nora willed herself to approach the person that had greeted her, steering her persona through the crowd, and taking a seat across from him at the small round table he occupied. For a dark, brooding lair, the place was frankly quite spartan, as if this was an artist\'92s first sketch, drawn in thick uncompromising strokes\'97lacking all the finer details of an actual lair but cleverly suggesting them nonetheless. Such as it was, it was a home to Nora, and she\'92d certainly be voting for a change of scenery the following week.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Hey.\'94 She thought about waving. She sort of waved.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Where\'92ve you been?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Out cold. I\'92m sorry my employment interferes with your schedule.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You cheating on us with another group?\'94 He was grinning while he said this, although whether he was actually grinning was anyone\'92s guess. His figure emulated his intentions as best it could, which was certainly a step up from what Nora had always considered the hallmark of electronic communication: a distinct certainty of laborious misunderstandings.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Whatever, \'91sup with you Bob?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Nothing much.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Another person popped into existence.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Welcome back, Jack!\'94, the droid said with psychic timing, and psychotic enthusiasm\'97confetti notwithstanding.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Dude, guys. Check this shit out.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 A window appeared in front of Nora, asking if she\'92d like to view an unencrypted feed. In general this was a bad idea. This being the ass end of nowhere, and these being people she might have trusted if trusting had been something she was capable of, she selected accept; by thinking about it. These guys had never been a threat\'97perhaps a mild nuisance from time to time, but an amusing one at that.
\f1 \

\f0 An image of a transparent brain-like shape appeared in front of them, consisting of a blue point-cloud with various statistics around it.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What the hell is this supposed to be?\'94, Bob asked.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Hold on.\'94 Jack\'92s figure froze and glitched as his attention wavered in and out of the room. A few seconds passed and more information appeared alongside the image, including a name and criminal history.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Where did you get this?\'94, Bob asked, which prompted others to revoke their denial of the feed. Brain-like point clouds appeared throughout the room, like floating blue brain-candles lit at tables in a bar\'97but rather more creepy than you\'92d think.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Hacked it from a police feed.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 A few people immediately shut down the feed\'97shrouding them in darkness once more\'97but continued to listen intently. Lurking was a common activity in this particular establishment due to the propensity of visitors to phase\'97or multi-task, as they\'92d put it.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Are you crazy!? What if they track you here?\'94 Bob\'92s figure flickered as he spoke, which didn\'92t surprise Nora. He\'92d been on edge before when it came to information sourced from the cops. Against her better judgement, she made a mental note not to dig into it.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Don\'92t worry. I\'92ve got it covered.\'94 Jack said.
\f1 \

\f0 Several people had decided to leave altogether, which was literally causing the room to shrink. With no minimum size requirement, occupying it by yourself pretty much left you in a broom closet with a chair, a table and\'97worst of all\'97the droid. Nora shuddered.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Right, look. I\'92m pretty sure they know it was hacked, but they\'92re not chasing after it. If they do, they\'92ll leave tracks, entry points for us to exploit. They didn\'92t.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93So?\'94, Bob asked, now more flummoxed than pissed.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93It might mean they don\'92t want to further expose themselves by chasing after whoever stole it,\'94 Nora interceded. \'93Paradoxically, this would confirm the information is both interesting and useless.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Exactly,\'94 Jack continued. \'93We can\'92t learn anything from it since they\'92re not giving us anything to connect it to, but they\'92re also afraid of doing that.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What\'92s so interesting about some perp\'92s brain map though?\'94, said Bob.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Dunno, but I mean to find out.\'94 Jack eyed the map intently, spinning it this way and that.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You guys are boring. Be back after work,\'94 Nora said, after which she got up and disappeared.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400
\cf0 Nora fell backwards onto her bed\'97or depending on your perspective returned to being as such. Whiskey had resolved to stare out the window at birds perched in the trees outside the apartment, her eyes darting from one to the other; a single paw thudding the glass whenever any of them came nowhere near close enough.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\i \cf0 Good thing you'll never catch one.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 While digging through a pile of clothes on her chair looking for matching socks\'97a difficult task if ever there was one\'97a dusty box on the floor of the nearby closet caught her eye. It had never become part of her habits concerning clothes\'97hence the pile\'97and was therefore mostly empty.
\f1 \

\f0 After getting dressed, she placed the box on the bed and opened it. She picked up a small data cube and turned it over in her hand, feeling the contents of it tingling in her mind; resisting the urge to open them. Her parents\'92 voices boomed through the walls again.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 \
We no longer understand what she\'92s become!\
She just needs to understand that it\'92s not a toy, Judith! Of course there are consequences, and if she doesn\'92t understand them it could end up doing more harm than good.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f1\i0 \cf0 \

\f0 She caught herself miming the words, and promptly put the data cube back in the box, picked up a faded magazine and opened it at a random page.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Why you should care that so many languages are disappearing, 
\i0 read the headline on the left. 
\i Researchers succeed in transferring information from one mouse to another
\i0 , said the other page, featuring an image of two mice with tiny little helmets connected through a wire; an obviously staged photograph that had little to do with the actual research. She knew this for a fact.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Nora had stopped going to school not long after she\'92d gotten her implant. At least for her, the balance in acquisition of knowledge had shifted from time and money, to just money. Her impressions were always free, however, so school became a vastly more expensive, mostly social endeavour with no measurable return. It wasn\'92t long before that became a deciding factor.
\f1 \

\f0 A departure reminder made her realise she needed to go to work in a few minutes, and told her the subway would be two minutes late at its current pace. She put the box back where she found it, got her coat and mentally prepared for one of the two worst parts of her working day.}