{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The boy couldn\'92t have been more than 14 years old. He slouched in his stride, and had covered his cap with a hoody. His hands rested comfortably in its zipper separated front pockets, absolving his tight jeans from their otherwise inexcusably useless counterparts. Nora hadn\'92t seen people wear this for some time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\i \cf0 When did 
\i0 that
\i  become retro, I wonder\'85
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0 \cf0 \'93You do updates without appointments?\'94. The kid had blurted it out right as he reached her desk, well before Nora had mentally adjusted to listen to him rather than the music coming from a virtual speaker in the corner. It\'92s ambient features were disabled, so the kid hadn\'92t been able to hear it as he entered.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Good morning to you, too,\'94 Nora said once her audio overlay had fully faded, a mere shimmer of music remaining as she resisted the urge to start humming.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Yeh, morning and all that. So, do you?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What was that?\'94 Nora hadn\'92t meant to sound pompous, but it seemed unavoidable at the moment, so she rolled with it.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Updates, without appointments.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Well, I\'92d have to check my schedule to see if I can fit you in.\'94 Nora theatrically grabbed her sketchbook, and frowned.\
In the business of all things digital, Nora's job was to be the one required physical anomaly\'97often as a lifeline for those that had nowhere else to turn, which readily explained both the silence and the weirdness.
\f1  
\f0 The kid eyed the vacant waiting area\'96\'96that only featured a single chair\'96\'96moving his hands in and out of the pockets in his hoody, visibly musing on a course of action.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Well if you\'92re too busy doing nothing, I\'92ll just take my business somewhere else,\'94 he said as he moved back, getting ready to turn and leave almost as quickly as he\'92d came.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93There isn\'92t anywhere else. Not around here.\'94 She never stopped frowning at her sketchbook while she said this.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You serious? Well, shit!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Calm down, kid. I\'92m just messing with you.\'94 She dropped the sketchbook page-up, displaying what she\'92d been working on before he\'92d come in\'97spinning it around by pushing a corner.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What do you think?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What the hell is that supposed to be?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93A TV, I think.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That don\'92t look like no TV I\'92ve ever seen.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Of course it doesn\'92t. Anyway.\'94 Nora closed the sketchbook.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You don\'92t come to these places often, do you?\'94 She said.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93No.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Well, neither does anybody else. So yes.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Yes, what?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Yes, we do updates without appointments. What is it you\'92re looking for, exactly?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Well.\'94 The kid pulled out a data cube and placed it on the table. \'93I already got the update. I just need it applied.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I see.\'94 Nora picked up the cube and placed it on a small depression near the edge of her desk.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93It\'92s not signed.\'94\
She raised her eyes and stared at him.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I know.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That means you\'92ll void your warranty.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I know.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93And it could just as easily kill you,\'94 she lied.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I know! Will you apply it or not!?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora sighed and put her palm flatly on the table. Unsigned updates were a particularly paperwork-inducing activity\'97at least they had been before print had gone out of fashion entirely\'97requiring specific waivers from clients to allow her to do them at all. Once her physical connection to the panel had been linked to her implant, she requested access to secure documents, then operations, unsigned, and finally updates\'97which she then had to doubly confirm. Undesirable operations had been purposefully made to be obtuse to perform.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92ll need you to sign this.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 A dotted line appeared on the table facing the boy. He put his hand on the table as well and blinked a few times. The document was only a few pages long, but contained important details absolving Nora\'92s company of any liability.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Sure, whatever.\'94 His signature appeared on the dotted line. It was rather\'85 extravagant. Another\'97far plainer\'97signature appeared alongside it shortly thereafter.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I,\'94 Nora started, and paused, \'93was not expecting your parents to sign that,\'94 she glanced at the table. \'93Josh, is it?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93They\'92re not my parents,\'94 Josh said flatly.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Alright.\'94 Nora considered questioning this further in the awkward moment that proceeded, but decided against it. \'93Right this way, Josh.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 They walked into another room where a black, almost throne-like chair was set next to a raised, empty desk. A single wire ran from the desk to a clamp holding a plug no bigger than a needle. Besides this the room was barren, its pale green walls only bearing a single window to the lobby they\'92d entered from, and a small hook for coats.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Take a seat.\'94 Nora gestured to the chair and placed the datacube on the desk next to it. Josh climbed into the rather sizable chair and struggled to find a proper way to sit in it\'97eventually resolving to just slouch.
\f1 \

\f0 Nora took the plug and pushed Josh\'92s right ear forward, exposing a tiny socket.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92m going to assume you\'92ve never done this, so it will feel weird.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Before Josh had a chance to respond she plugged him in, causing him to grip the chair\'92s armrests as if he\'92d just been thrown seat and all out of an airplane. He shuddered for a second, his heart racing. Nora laughed a little.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Wow\'94, he said once his breathing slowed down. \'93What the hell was that?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That was your implant going offline.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Why the hell does it feel like that?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That would be your brain trying to make sense of a complete lack of input. The effect disappears after a few times. Some people have it worse than others.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93It\'92s intense.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Indeed.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Is it dangerous?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Well, who\'92s the oldest person you know with an implant?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora loaded up the datacube and started perusing its contents, while Josh thought about this for a while.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I don\'92t know. How old are you?\'94 Nora said nothing for a while\'97an act very distinguishable from not responding, but perhaps not by every observer.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93None of them are very old, then. You can wonder why later, but where did you say you got this, anyway?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I didn\'92t,\'94 Josh said.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I wrote it,\'94 he said shortly after.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I doubt it. Half of this stuff is older than you are.\'94 Nora scrolled through the update source, which seemed pretty standard. Modified versions of the leaked source files of early renditions. Then she got to a part that surprised her a little.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93How long is this going to take?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Not long, I actually haven\'92t started yet.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Why not?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Just curious to know what I might be stuffing you with that could kill you. Did you know this actually rewrites half of your boot sector?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Josh paused for a second before answering. \'93Yes.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92ll take that as a no. You still want to go through with it?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Just get it over with!\'94 Josh was starting to sound equal parts annoyed and scared.
\f1 \

\f0 Nora put her palm on the desk. A few seconds passed, then she unplugged Josh and he spasmed for an instant.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That would be the implant starting back up. Not quite as impressive as shutdown, sadly,\'94 she said as she placed the plug back in its clamp.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Not even close,\'94 Josh said as he stopped holding his breath.
\f1 \

\f0 He jumped out of the chair, visibly relieved to still be amongst the living\'97maybe a little more relieved than that, even, Nora thought.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93So what do I owe you?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Oh, nothing. Payments are handled directly through your legal guardians. They counter-signed, remember?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Oh yeah, sweet. Well, thanks I guess.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93No problem. I\'92m just glad you\'92re standing. You should be too, remember?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Oh, totally. Chill out.\'94 Josh practically ran out of the room.
\f1 \

\f0 A few seconds passed while Nora processed everything that had just happened. All things considered, this was turning out to be a pretty average day.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 \'93Now, let\'92s see what you\'92re all about,\'94 she whispered to herself as she turned up the music and started going through the code she\'92d just memorized\'97putting it side by side with the original firmware she'd copied from the source.}