{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 Not yet. Not yet. Not yet. Not yet.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Nora rested her head on her hands and eyed the half-empty glass of water she\'92d never finished. She was waiting for a chance to put it to good use, which was proving to be a tense back and forth between acting quickly and waiting for that perfect moment. She wasn\'92t done waiting\'97not yet\'97there were still too many variables. Too many ways to get caught, which would waste an otherwise perfectly good opportunity. No amount of childlike zeal could undo that.
\f1 \

\f0 She sighed and closed her eyes, drifting in the immaculate silence of the dark room she was in. It was peaceful, in a way. Too bad it usually meant you were in trouble.
\f1 \

\f0 The door opened.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Good thing I waited.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Silva walked in and sat down across from her. Nora sat up and was holding the glass of water between her hands. She thought Silva looked older than she probably was; a consequence perhaps of her status, her dress\'97in a general sense; she most certainly didn\'92t look like the kind of person who\'92d wear a dress to work.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Not that it wouldn\'92t suit her.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 People had a way of looking mature that Nora had never imagined herself emulating\'97and to be honest she\'92d never really cared to try. It seemed to fit Silva, though, her half-long black hair hanging across the sides of her stern face\'97dark brown eyes peering deeply into hers.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93M\'97, A\'97, Nora,\'94 she corrected herself.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Thank you.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I just had a chat with some people regarding your information, and we\'92re listening.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora took her time to consider a response. She\'92d played this kind of game far too often; a little insurance wouldn\'92t hurt.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Give me your word.\'94 She extended her right hand towards Silva, \'93shake on it.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva\'92s eyes narrowed.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'97.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Shake,\'94 Nora interrupted, waggling her outstretched hand.
\f1 \

\f0 Silva slowly took her hand.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Gotcha.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Nora closed her eyes for a second, attuning her sense of touch and focusing intently on the hand that was touching Silva\'92s. She could feel the overlay through the tips of her fingers\'97its overflowing bandwidth usage; something was 
\i very
\i0  busy in there. Nora fed it through her overlay and set it to record. When she opened her eyes, she looked herself square in the eyes.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You were saying?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Uh, yes,\'94 Silva paused, \'94I promise I\'92ll honour our agreement.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva tried to release Nora\'92s hand, but Nora clenched her grip.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What agreement, exactly?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Brow furrowed, Silva\'92s jaw dropped a little. She clenched her teeth and took a deep breath.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93
\i We\'92ll
\i0  release Jack if 
\i you 
\i0 provide us with actionable intel on the hack.\'94 Silva looked away for a moment, \'93unless\'94, she looked back and smiled halfheartedly, \'93unless, of course, the intel points to Jack.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Thank you,\'93 Nora said as she released her iron grip; patented\'97literally, just not by her. She closed her eyes again, just for a moment, and regained her composure; her view once again her own.
\f1 \

\f0 Silva slowly rubbed her hand with the other, frowning at the lack of marks from the interaction.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That\'92s quite a grip you\'92ve got. May I ask what that was all about?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You may.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Neither of them said anything for a few seconds. No doubt Silva expected a response of some sort, but like 
\i hell 
\i0 Nora was going to tell her anything\'97the conversation wasn\'92t getting any easier as it was; no sense complicating it any further.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Will you answer?\'94 Silva asked.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Nope,\'94 Nora said quickly in a high pitch. \'93Aren\'92t there more interesting questions you should be asking?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I suppose,\'94 Silva sighed as she got up and set her chair back to a normal position. She folded her hands as she sat back down, and threw a piercing glance across the table. Nora\'92s heart skipped a beat and she straightened her posture.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93We\'92ve taken a look at your records.\'94 She looked to her right, then back to Nora, \'93says here you work tech-support for Sense Industries?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That\'92s correct.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Why?\'94
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Why?
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 How people thought you could just up and leave everything you\'92ve ever been\'97like some kind of droid with a fresh memory wipe\'97had always been a mystery to Nora. It probably meant they\'92d never tried.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Nice thoughts, nice thoughts.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 \'93What do you mean?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Why go back to that? You changed your name and moved halfway across the country, only to go right back to where you started. Why?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora drew her hand through her hair, tilting her head a little.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Oh, I don\'92t know, really. It seemed like a good way to make a buck, and it\'92d be a walk in the park, you know?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora had to stop herself from drinking from the glass, putting it back down right after picking it up. She twisted it back and forth, keeping it in place; but not exactly.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Seems boring to me.\'94 Silva peered at Nora, eyebrows raised.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93It is.\'94 Nora pouted, frowned and folded her arms. \'93Maybe I 
\i like
\i0  boring.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Doubt it, but alright.\'94
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Hmpf.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 \'93How is it you have details on the hack, when we\'92ve told nobody about it?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora slumped back in her seat and bounced the heels of her sneakers on the floor.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Well, 
\i somebody 
\i0 leaked the fact there was a hack, so I guess you have a security problem. There was a rumor going around. I just connected the dots.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93And what dots might those be?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva spoke calmly, with a resolve that was worlds apart from Nora\'92s irregular tone and tempo; which bounced around as she raced through her sentences, sneakers still bouncing.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Kind of funny really,\'94 Nora said jokingly, \'93some kid came in for an interface update. Real skittish about it, too. Brought his own source and everything.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93And you think the update is related to the hack?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That\'92s what it looked like. Rewrote half of the boot sector, putting up extra safeguards for the bio-side API.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Bio-side? Is that why you said it needed to be ingested?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora\'92s feet stopped bouncing and she leaned forward, leaning on her elbows.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Yeah. If I read it correctly,\'94 
\i and I usually do, \'93
\i0 they hacked his biology, not necessarily his interface. Need to enter the bloodstream to do that.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Why not just stick him with a needle? That gets you to the bloodstream a lot faster.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva\'92s suggestion had left Nora agape. Her mind raced to figure out why the option had never occurred to her.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Well, I guess you 
\i could
\i0  do that, but you 
\i wouldn\'92t
\i0 .\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Why not?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora\'92s eyes widened.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Because it\'92s too obvious. Good hackers, at least the scary ones, don\'92t leave traces that they\'92ve been around. Needle marks are like the neon-signs of traces. And besides, it lacks a sense of 
\i style
\i0 . Anybody can stick somebody with a needle; where\'92s the pride in that?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva appeared to considered this for a while. Maybe she was making a mental note of things; who knew what people were up to on the other side of a stare.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93And you learned all this from update source, 
\i how
\i0 , exactly?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora stopped breathing for a second, her stomach turning.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93L\'97like I said, it rewrote half the boot sector,\'94 she stammered.
\f1 \

\f0 Silva raised her volume a little, but maintained an eerie sense of calm.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Which 
\i implies
\i0  you compared it to the original. Where did you get the original? Sense Industries doesn\'92t publish those, and they certainly wouldn\'92t let 
\i you
\i0  anywhere near it.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That\'92s unfair,\'94 Nora said loudly, scowling at Silva; who leaned back and folded her arms.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Maybe it is. Maybe you got a raw deal, but you\'92re still leaving out a crucial part of your story, so out with it. Where did you get the original?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora looked away from Silva, her eyes darting; unable to focus on any one thing\'97which were in short supply as it was.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'85 copied it directly\'85 from the client.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93And 
\i there\'92s
\i0  the kicker you warned me about; not a very clever move, that one. Must be some friend, this Jack.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva folded her hands again and leaned forward, while Nora looked away to the side.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I am taking you into custody, pending charges of live interface hacking. Since you\'92re already here, that\'92s easier done than said.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Great,\'94 Nora said, laughing weakly as she exhaled; suddenly feeling much lighter as she slumped back in her chair again.
\f1 \

\f0 She thought Silva was being strangely calm in the face of her admission. People tended to care about interface hacking if they knew what the hell you were talking about\'97which some really didn\'92t\'97so any perceived indifference was most often veiled ignorance; although people could always surprise you with just how little they cared about 
\i anything
\i0 . Those people usually weren\'92t cops, though; Silva certainly didn\'92t seem like the uncaring type.
\f1 \

\f0 There was a muffled noise outside of the room, which caught their attention. Shortly after a distant alarm went off.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Excuse me,\'94 Silva said, immediately getting up and leaving the room in a hurry.
\f1 \

\f0 As soon as the door closed Nora gathered herself, sitting on the tip of her chair and putting her hands flat on the table. The glass was still sitting there, half empty and begging her to be put to use.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Perfect moment.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 She counted to ten and jumped up from her seat, picked up the glass of water, and walked over to the door. She held her hand against it and waited for the muffled sounds of voices and footsteps to fade.
\f1 \

\f0 She took the glass and poured water under the crack of the door, making a small puddle connecting the hallway to the room. Then she put the fingertips of her left hand in the water, slumped back against the wall next to the door, and closed her eyes.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Relax Nora. Just, relax.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 A sudden influx of sensation broke her concentration and she breathed in sharply, bracing to prevent losing her balance. Then she connected to the precinct\'92s surveillance system.
\f1 \

\f0 It wasn\'92t really putting up much of a fight. But then, it probably hadn\'92t been prepared for this\'97if whoever did the preparing even had an inkling of what 
\i this
\i0  was. Networks like these were built to withstand attacks from without, not within; by computers, mind you. For all intents and purposes Nora was 
\i not
\i0  a computer, which also meant the video feeds were starting to give her a migraine.
\f1 \

\f0 She strained to focus on a single feed at once, blocking out all the noise of suddenly having a dozen extra eyes and ears.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Just one. Just, one. Where am I...
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Slowly a single image emerged of a woman slumped against the wall next to a door, her left hand in a puddle of water.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 I really need to get a new pair of sneakers...
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 When Nora blinked her eyes shifted to the hallway on the other side. There was nobody there, but there was a visible commotion beyond the glass at the end. The angle wasn\'92t giving her much to work with.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Blink.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 The waiting room which she\'92d sat in was littered with people. Some of them were scrambling to their feet, others slumped in their seats, but many of them were still on the floor.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Blink.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 If you ignored the spilt coffee, for a second it looked like everybody had simultaneously fallen asleep at their desks. Considering the resilience these people had shown in the face of sitting and waiting, that seemed unlikely.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Blink.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 The limited view of the outside wasn\'92t painting a better picture. A group of people who\'92d gone outside for a smoke had passed out on top of each other.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 What the hell is going on.
\f1\i0 \

\f0\i Blink.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 \'93Jones! Jones, snap out of it.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva shook him a bit after she\'92d dragged him onto the couch.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Why do they have a camera in the lounge?
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 \'93Sil\'85\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What happened?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Jones put his palms over his eyes and leaned forward with his elbows on his knees.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Arrgh, my head.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Are you alright?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 She sat down next to him, obscuring Nora\'92s view.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 \'93Alice,
\i0 \'94 he growled.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 \'93What about her?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93She\'92s up to something, I 
\i know 
\i0 it!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Jones got up and stormed out of the lounge, slamming the door post with his shoulder on his way out\'97not slowing down a bit because of it; Silva followed close behind.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Jones, I don\'92t\'97.\'94
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Blink.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Nora waited for her vision to re-adjust and scrambled up from where she\'92d uneasily parked herself, then sat down at the table.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Shit, the glass.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 She ran back over to the door, picked up the glass, and bolted back towards the table. Sitting down just as the door swung open; an enraged Jones bolting into the room.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What the hell are you up to!\'94 He yelled.
\f1 \

\f0 Jones walked into the table, landing on it with one hand to stop himself from falling over entirely; the edge of the table pushed into Nora\'92s stomach. The glass toppled over and clattered to the floor.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Nothing!\'94 She said, feebly attempting to match his tone.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Don\'92t give me that shit,\'94 he pushed the table aside and grabbed her by the shirt; pointing a finger in her face. \'93This is 
\i just
\i0  like you. What is it this time? Hmm!?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 He brought his face up close to hers and clenched his fist, pulling her shirt tighter around the back of her neck.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I had nothing to do with it, I swear! I was just talking to your partner, and 
\i she\'92s 
\i0 fine. Ask her!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva had run in behind Jones and approached him slowly, putting a hand on his left shoulder. He snapped back, hitting her arm with his elbow.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93So you know. That proves you did it!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Jones!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva touched Jones again, but when he attempted to swat her arm away again she grabbed it and locked his elbow in place. He released his grip on Nora, who got up and stepped away from him; the chair falling to the floor.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Jones. Jones!\'94 Silva yelled. He wrestled out of her grip\'97she didn\'92t fight him on it.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You don\'92t buy this crock of shit, do you!?\'94 Jones gasped.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Jones?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva raised her arm and pointed towards the open door, her eyes burning.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Get the 
\i fuck
\i0  out,\'94 she said in a calm yet oddly menacing way.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93But\'97.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92m 
\i not
\i0  asking.\'94 The emphasis cut through the air like a sword.
\f1 \

\f0 Jones grunted and walked off.
\f1 \

\f0 Silva moved the table back where it had been, picked up the glass and set her chair back to a reversed position. Nora put hers back as well and sat down; she was shaking, her heart pounding so hard it felt like it was going to eject itself from her body.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I apologize for my partner\'92s reaction, but\'85\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora looked at Silva, whose expression was all but charitable\'97which made it harder to stop the shaking.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92m afraid he has a point.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva picked up the glass and looked at the puddle near the door, then put the glass theatrically on the corner to her left.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What 
\i are
\i0  you up to?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I didn\'92t do it,\'94 Nora said softly, tilting her head down so her hair hung over her face.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What was that?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I didn\'92t do it!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You did 
\i something
\i0 . Water doesn\'92t fly out of glasses and into hallways by itself, and you keep looking at it.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I didn\'92t have anything to do with people passing out.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Then how do you know about it? This is a dark room, Nora. Nothing in or out.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora bit the inside of her lip and eyed the puddle through her hair.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That\'92s what the puddle was for,\'94 she said after a while.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Wait, what?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93The water. I\'85\'94, she stopped to swallow, \'93used it to access the cameras.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva rested her forehead on her fingers, her face full of confusion.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Never mind 
\i why 
\i0 you would do that, how is that even possible?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I was curious, ok? And long story short: synaesthetic interface.\'94 Nora tapped her forehead with her index finger, still avoiding eye-contact.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Synaewhat now?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 She looked at Silva, who\'92d remained calm once again.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 What is with her?
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 \'93Synaesthetic. Unlike yours, my BCI is very tightly coupled with my existing senses.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Meaning?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93For one, I can access your cameras with my security relay.\'94 She raised her right hand. \'94Goes both ways, this one. I just needed a conductor to get me out of the room.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Hence the puddle.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora\'92s heels started bouncing again as she kept her hands between her knees and looked at the floor.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Puddle, yes.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93It\'92s remarkable just how much insult you\'92re adding to injury, by the way. Do you value your freedom even a little bit?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Depends,\'94 Nora said right after Silva had asked the question.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93On?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93The prison.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva laughed.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You\'92re a weird one, you know that?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora felt her breathing steady out, and her heartbeat had become barely noticeable again; 
\i barely
\i0 .
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92ve been called worse.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Prepare for worse. You\'92re going to be here for a while.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva got up and pulled a wristband from her belt, which she put on Nora\'92s arms; locking them together. Once they\'92d attached, a whirring signaled their activation. Silva pushed it towards a central point on the table, and they attached firmly to it; making a cold clicking sound that reverberated through the metallic table.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Can I ask,\'94 Nora started, looking up at Silva.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Hmm?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What\'92s up with your partner?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva said nothing, instead walking towards the door and turning around after opening it, looking away from Nora. Then she looked directly at her with a fire in her eyes.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93He lost his sister that day. I\'92d avoid talking about it if I were you.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora\'92s stomach fell through the floor and her eyes watered. When Silva had left the room she lay her head on her arm and tried not to think; something she\'92d never been able to do.}