{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy2\hr14\min15\sec45\timesinceref505055745}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy2\hr14\min15\sec45\timesinceref505055745}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Cold glittered across the horizon, the setting sun casting long faces all across the city skyline. It would be another cold night, one far better left to the imagination\'97something Thomas Ginney had learned how to handle expertly. A mind that forgets when it is useful, and remembers only when it is absolutely necessary\'97or incentivised\'97is a survivor. He\'92d just returned from the soup kitchen to find a little girl going through his stash.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Hey!\'94, he yelled as he increased his pace. The girl froze as if being gripped by the neck. Her face was dirty\'97the leftover marks of dried tears still on her cheeks. It wasn\'92t until Tom saw the terror in her eyes that he realised he\'92d raised his hand in anger. He quickly lowered it, and felt especially awful when he discovered the bright purple bruise on the girl\'92s left cheek.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Don\'92t worry. I\'92m not going to hurt you.\'94 The girl stammered backwards\'97away from him\'97stepping into a trolley full of bags which scared her half to death.
\f1 \

\f0 Tom rummaged through his things and found a rather unpleasant looking orange. Although perfectly edible, it was very definitely amongst the things an untrained eye would have considered revolting. He\'92d salvaged it from a dumpster near the rear entrance of a high-society restaurant, where the clientele would be particularly accustomed to discarding imperfection.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Here, take it.\'94 He stretched as best he could to reach the girl that was just as eager to take the orange as run away. They danced like this for a few feet until finally the orange came within her reach, at which point she immediately snatched it and ran.
\f1 \

\f0 Tom snorted, \'93there goes me breakfast. I suppose it\'92s for the best.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You\'92re too nice for this place, you know.\'94 Fred was sitting down with an extra piece of bread he\'92d nabbed from the kitchen, taking his time with it as best he could. He was quite obviously terrible at this.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93\'91s served me just fine, you\'92d do well to remember. Reckon that there kindness is the only reason I\'92m still around, after all. Long\'92s it been anyhow?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Fred raised his shoulders at this, his mouth too full to speak as he\'92d taken the last few bites all at once.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Yeh, what do you know, anyway,\'94 Tom snarked. The grin this caused on Fred\'92s face ejected crumbs all over his jacket, revealing a remarkably gapless row of teeth, that upon further inspection consisted largely of bread white.
\f1 \

\f0 Tom sat himself down and grabbed the first thing he could find from his stash. It was an unmarked bottle containing a brownish liquid he\'92d been given by some rather strange people, he thought. They hadn\'92t seemed particularly kind, to him\'97present evidence to the contrary. He opened the bottle and smelled it, winced and almost immediately smelled it again. He sipped it and waited.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93My god, this is pretty good.\'94 He sipped it again, his face contorting in ways his friends might have called considerate, but to most resembled a look of complete and utter disgust. The strong bite reminded Tom of younger vintages\'97he reckoned it hadn\'92t been an expensive gift\'97but the edge gave way to a taste that was unlike anything he would expect to find in poorly made whiskey.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 \'93
\i0 Whattaya say, Fred? Stash it for a couple of decades or?\'94
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Fred burst out laughing.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You\'92re right, \'94 Tom said and took a big gulp which attracted considerable attention from the other inhabitants of the long, cramped alley.
\f1 \

\f0 Fred scrambled up and moved over to Tom\'92s side\'97plopping down on a stack of boxes against the wall.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Hey, mind the bed, yeh? Couple o' youngsters dropped this off this mornin\'92.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Awful nice of them. What\'92d you do to deserve that?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Haven\'92t the foggiest. I asked them too, you know. Said I\'92d figure, or somesuch nonsense.\'94 Tom was starting to feel pretty relaxed. The bite of the cold faded and he felt like the world was falling into a dream. He shuddered for a bit and blinked a few times, exhaling quickly.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Woo, this stuff must be pretty strong!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Yeh?\'94 Fred asked, and stretched out his hand. \'93Lemme try it. I bet I can handle it better than you could any day.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Not a chance.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Tom twisted the cap on the bottle and lifted it, ready to hand it to Fred. Instead he grabbed it with both hands, raised it as high as he could and brought it down harder than he\'92d imagined possible, hitting Fred square across the face; knocking him to the floor face-down. He didn\'92t move for a few seconds. Surprised that he\'92d done this at all, Tom was suddenly more awake than he\'92d ever been in his life.
\f1 \

\f0 Before he had the chance to think about what was happening, he raised the bottle once more and brought it down again on Fred\'92s head. It shattered, and the liquid spread across the now bloody face in front of him. Terror gripped him as he struggled to speak, to act; to stop.
\f1 \

\f0 Again the bottle impacted his old friend, cutting deep into his skin. Blood covered everything around them; the bottle slipping in his red hands, his shirt stained. It ran across the pavement, collecting into pools at an eerie, slow pace, flowing towards the nearest drain. Tom now hardly recognized his friend, as he kept stabbing him over, and over, and over again.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Oh my god, somebody call 911!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 The voice came from the street, where people had stopped in shock at the horror of what they were witnessing. A river of tears flowed from Tom\'92s face, mixing with the blood and the booze to form a terrible, bubbling mess. When he finally stopped, he raised his head towards the street to find an officer holding a gun with outstretched, shaking arms. He wanted to scream\'97to yell for help\'97but no matter how he tried to move his body wouldn\'92t budge. As his crying intensified, his body involuntarily started to heave.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Put the bottle down, and lay face down on the ground!\'94 The officer yelled with a tremble in his voice. Tom\'97his mind momentarily cleared by the adrenaline released by having a gun pointed at him\'97felt for the poor man. He realized the tragedy of what was about to happen, as he relinquished his will to fight. He hoped his forgetfulness would serve him well, at least once more.
\f1 \

\f0 He rose, faced towards the trembling figure and raised the bottle.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Drop the bottle, sir!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 He stepped forward.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Stop! Please!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 He stepped forward.
\f1 \

\f0 The officer closed his eyes and squeezed the trigger.
\f1 \
}