{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The air still reverberated with the recent commotion, but the entire station had become deadly still. Silva watched through the security glass as the assailants spread themselves throughout the station, checking the officers they'd shot were down for the count, and taking their weapons. Brady was disarmed, but left unharmed.\
Jones had walked in last and was making his way slowly towards the security door that separated him from interrogation.\
"We can get out the back as long as we do it together," Schultz said.\
"Can he get in here?" Silva asked.\
Schultz waved his hand and shook his head. "He was put on unpaid leave pending investigation, so his access was frozen along with that."\
Jones put his hand on the pad next to the door, which buzzed and refused to open.\
"I'm surprised you remembered to change the biometric locks, Marcus. These things don't get updated automatically. Wouldn't be very secure if they weren't on a closed circuit."
\i \

\i0 Silva thought he looked too relaxed. He walked over to Officer Brady, who was the only one they hadn't shot so far. "Good thing we thought of that. Brady, open the door please."\
Brady shook his head. "I'm not helping you, Jones."\
"We thought you'd say that," Jones chuckled. "No matter."\
He took a hypo from his coat pocket, "I brought you a little present to pursuade you."\
Brady flinched as Jones injected him with the hypo. After a few seconds he'd opened his eyes, seemingly glad that nothing particularly bad had happened, then shuddered for a second as if he was cold.\
"That should do it. Brady, please open the door."\
"I said," Brady started, as he got up and walked over to the pad, put his right hand on it and the door started opening. "I\'96\'96," he stammered; his face full of surprise as Jones shot him in the back.\
"Run!" Schultz yelled.\
They rushed away from the opening door, but Jones managed to hit Schultz in the leg with an electric pulse, dropping him instantly. Silva turned to drag him to the rear exit, but Jones was firing through the widening crack of the door; making it impossible to get to him without taking a hit.\
"Go, get out of here!" He yelled, as Silva hesitated before running down the hall.\
She turned the corner and got to the door, which still required another person to open it.\

\i Shit.\

\i0 She heard a loud bang coming through the door.\
"Who's there!?" She yelled.\
"It's Nora. Open the door." Her voice was muffled through the heavy metal.\
"I can't, we need two people and Schultz is down." Silva yelled, a touch of panic in her voice.\
"No we don't," Nora yelled. "Trust me, just keep one hand on the door."\
Silva put her left hand on the door and touched the security pad on the right with the other. "Like this!?"\
"Perfect! Give me a second."\
Before long the door began to open.\
"How did you\'96\'96," Silva started.\
"I didn't. You did. I'll explain later."\
Jones stepped through as the door finally reached the point where it was opened wide enough to let him through, and walked up to Schultz who'd crawled his way to the side of the hallway; resting against it with his back.\
"I'm sorry it had to come to this, Marcus."\
"You'll never get away with this, Ethan," he breathed heavily. "Think of your kid!"\
"I am, Marcus," he said, solemnly. "I really am."\
Jones fired his gun and hit Schultz right in the chest with an electric pulse, who shuddered and barely grunted as his hands hit the floor.\
"Nooo!", Silva shouted down the hall as Nora dragged her through the door. Jones turned the corner, gun raised, and fired at them as it closed.\
"Damnit! What the hell guys, do I have to do 
\i everything
\i0  myself? Go around the outside and find them! Don't shoot Silva if you don't have to. I'll take care of them in here."\
Jones walked back to the door and looked down at Schultz.\
He sighed. "I'm sorry, Marcus."\
\
Outside, the sound of gunfire cascaded around the corner.\
"We have to keep moving," Nora said as Silva gathered herself. "Are you hurt?"\
"I'm fine," Silva said.\
A white van skidded to a halt next to them. Silva immediately grabbed her gun and pointed it through the passenger seat window at the driver.\
"Get in!" The driver yelled at them.\
The man was wearing a rainbow-coloured beanie, covering badly kept dark blonde hair that stuck out on all sides; a scruffy beard closing the gaps.\
"Who the hell are you?" Silva asked with a fire in her eyes.\
"He's a friend of Bob," Nora said.\
"What she said," the man yelled.\
"Who's Bob?" Silva shouted; the sound of alarms made it hard to talk at a normal volume.\
"Paul, my not-exactly lawyer," Nora said. "Get in, Silva."\
Nora opened the passanger door and got into the van.\
"Are you sure?" Silva pleaded.\
Nora extended her hand. "Sure enough."\
Silva holstered her weapon and clambered into the van, the two of them crushing together slightly on the wide front seat of the car.\
"Name's David," the man said. "Pleased to make your acquaintence."\
"Less talking, more getting the hell out of here please," Silva said nervously, her gaze fixed on the rear exit of the precinct; hand firmly on her gun.\
"Yes ma'am."\
David rammed the van in reverse, turned it around and sped away from the sound of gunfire; the van's tires skidding on the freezing tarmac.}