{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Robert and Meredith park sat down at the kitchen table of their luxurious late-20
\fs16 \super th
\fs24 \nosupersub  century 'modern' home. They'd both become enamoured with the style; its simplistic bluster, its grandiosit\'e9. The fact it had cost them a fortune to have it built was something they'd quickly forgotten after they'd moved in.\
His injury was healing well, only a mild irritation remained. His physician had alerted him about straining it before it was fully healed, so he'd spent all of his time on launching The Awakened; if he was being honest, he thought it wouldn't have worked without that extra time, so in a way he was glad he'd had the accident.\
He was writing some of his more important statements for the evening talkshow he'd been invited to, but he worried about the tone and content; every syllable of every previous interview haunting him, which he couldn't hide from his wife.\
\'93Oh, stop it Robert! You're doing fine. What could possibly be going any better than it is?\'94 Meredith said with conviction.\
Robert murmered. \'93You\'92re right, of course. Its just\'85 I have this feeling everybody is pretending. Like this whole thing is a big joke on me.\'94\
\'93That\'92s just because you're pretending, dear. Don\'92t confuse the two. Don\'92t think I\'92ve forgotten how you tricked me to come on board with this; I don\'92t intend to have to baby sit you as well.\'94\
Robert smiled. \'93It was a good trick, though.\'94\
\'93Wouldn\'92t have worked if it hadn\'92t been.\'94\
Robert dropped the pen he was using to write and put his hands on her knee.\
\'93But where do we go from here? Never in my wildest dreams did I think it would all happen so fast.\'94\
Meredith got up and put her arms around his neck, leaning over his shoulder and whispering into his ear.\
\'93Just because things are going well, doesn\'92t mean they\'92re about to get worse. Remind me, what was the plan for this stage in the movement?\'94\
Robert went through his notes.\
\'93That kind of depends on where you\'92d define it to be right now, but I\'92m sure it\'92s at least a state-wide relevant entity. If it maintains momentum like this it could go national in a matter of weeks. For all I know it already has.\'94\
\'93So, statewide. What did I tell you to do when we went statewide?\'94\
\'93Go national,\'94 he said softly.\
\'93Exactly. So start going national. Get ahead of it. And if it's bigger than we thought\'96\'96\'94.\
"Go global."}