{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The virtual screen in the lounge was tuned to an afternoon talkshow as Silva walked in. Jones was on the couch having a cup of coffee as he watched.\
\'93I can\'92t believe you actually drink that\'96\'96\'94.\
\'93Shh, I\'92m trying to listen,\'94 Jones interrupted.
\i \
\
\'93So when was it that you realised something was wrong?\'94
\f1\i0 \

\f0 The actor sat forward in his chair, one hand gesturing as he spoke, the other in a sling.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0\i \cf0 \'93Once I\'92d hit the wall, obviously.\'94
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 They both laughed.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0\i \cf0 \'93No, I noticed it much earlier. As I flew through the air and saw everybody lying on the floor, I instantly realised this was a really big event. It was going to have massive implications, and I was going to be at the heart of it. I had a feeling, you know? And I know that sounds silly, but that\'92s what it is. A feeling. A deep\'85 knowing I guess you could call it.\'94
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 He leaned back.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0\i \cf0 \'93I don\'92t think it\'92s silly at all.\'94 
\i0 The host took a moment. 
\i \'93I\'92m sure this is something you\'92ve heard, but there are people that are linking this to the Reins event. What are your thoughts on this? How are you picking it up?\'94
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 The guest drank from the glass of water on the table next to him, took a deep breath and paused before continuing.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0\i \cf0 \'93That\'92s an excellent question, Jim. I\'92m aware of the similarities between the events, but I don\'92t think they are the same. There are some key differences\'85\'94
\f1\i0 \

\f0\i \'93What kind of differences?\'94
\f1\i0 \

\f0\i \'93I was getting to that,\'94 
\i0 he smiled, 
\i \'93you need to let me finish, Jim.\'94
\f1\i0 \

\f0\i \'93Please do, Robert.\'94
\f1\i0 \

\f0\i \'93The first big difference is that the Reins event wasn\'92t to the same scale of yesterday\'92s event. It was more contained, but the most glaring difference is yesterday\'92s event did not contain hallucinations prior to the knock-out, like the Reins event did, and the knock-out wasn\'92t\'85\'94
\f1\i0 \

\f0\i \'93But, and sorry to interrupt, but do you think that it could be a similar attack?\'94
\f1\i0 \

\f0\i \'93No I don\'92t, Jim. I think it\'92s is a calling, actually.\'94\
\'93Yes, we\'92ll get to that in a minute I suppose. But first, and this is something I\'92ve just been able to confirm, we have heard reports that Alice Reins is currently in custody of the NYPD. You are, as we all know, very connected, Robert. What have you heard?\'94
\f1\i0 \

\f0\i \'93You know, I did hear something like that. I thought it was just too convenient, but it\'92s confirmed you say?\'94
\f1\i0 \

\f0\i \'93I have it on good authority, yes.\'94
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 Robert paused and changed his posture to address the host more closely, as the view concentrated on his face. 
\i \'93This might be an unpopular opinion, Jim, but I don\'92t think she was involved. I know many people that would really like her to be, but the facts don\'92t support it. Regardless, I'm not interested in vengeance. I would really like to move forward, rather than backward. If it turns out she\'92s involved, the law will run its course.\'94\
The audience applauded.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i \cf0 \'93When we spoke on the phone you said you wanted to announce something as part of the interview, would you like to close with this?\'94\
\'93Certainly. I\'92m extending an open invitation to anybody that feels as I do. That feels this Awakening, as I\'92ve decided to call it, is a message to unite as people. I\'92d like to start an organisation, and will be accepting registrations at a forward office in central park starting Friday. Details can be found in the ether. My wife and I will be there, and you can speak to us and perhaps find kindred spirits. All are welcome.\'94\
\'93And with that we\'92re done for the day. Robert Park, everyone!\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 The audience applauded emphatically and music kicked in.\
\
\'93Can you believe this guy?\'94 Jones asked as he turned the sound off.\
\'93What part, exactly.\'94\
\'93This whole Awakening crap, of course.\'94\
Silva turned around and leaned on the counter as she waited for the coffee she was making to drip through. She couldn\'92t stand the machine drab everybody else drank, and always made her own if she could.\
\'93He wants to sing kumbaya in a park with a bunch of people, let him. I couldn\'92t care less.\'94\
Jones waved an arm in protest.\
\'93I hate opportunists like this. It\'92s been barely a 
\i day
\i0  and already he\'92s hounding the spotlight. We don\'92t even understand the consequences and he wants to twist it into some religious bullshit.\'94\
\'93He\'92s an actor, it\'92s what he does.\'94\
\'93Should be locked up, is what.\'94\
\'93Last I checked bullshitting is not against the law. People are free to believe said bullshit as well, mind you, and you\'92re not forced to like that, either.\'94\
Jones grunted.\
Silva poured herself a cup of coffee and proceeded to sip it carefully.\
\'93What worries me more is how these people know Reins is in custody.\'94\
\'93We\'92ve obviously got a leak,\'94 Jones proffered.\
\'93Obviously. The question is where.\'94\
Jones turned the screen off altogether, got up and walked over to the door. He stopped with his hand on the doorpost and turned around.\
"Look, Silva, about yesterday."\
"You lost your cool, I get it," Silva said, looking straight at him.\
Jones sighed. "Yeh, maybe you do. It's not OK, and I'm sorry."\
Silva sipped her coffee again. Jones waited for some kind of response, but she had no intention of settling this now.\
"How are the interrogations of those hackers coming along?" Silva asked.\
"Slowly," he said. "We know they're part of a larger group, but I doubt any of them really know what's going on."\
"Why do you think that?"\
"Mixed messages. Their coordinated silence is a good indication they planned for this contingency, but once you grill them for a while you get completely different stories as to what the desired outcome is."\
"And you think that's because they're just pawns in somebody else's plan."\
"That's what my gut is telling me. They're patsies, tools, plain and simple. I mean, they're not innocent of their individual crimes, obviously. They're just unwitting accomplices of the larger organisation."\
"Then the next challenge is," Silva started.\
"Getting one of them to admit that," Jones finished. "Exactly."\
"Good luck."
\b \
}