{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The sound of footsteps prompted Nora to shut off the virtual screen she\'92d attached to the ceiling. She proceeded to stare at where it used to be, trying very hard to look bored. Officer Brady entered the hallway outside of her room\'96\'96which had walls made of a heat-resistant plastic\'96\'96quickly followed by Silva.\
\'93I\'92d like to talk to her alone, Officer.\'94\
\'93Certainly, ma\'92am,\'94 Brady said, and walked out, closing the door behind him.\
\'93What do 
\i you
\i0  want? Come to question my intentions, again?\'94 Nora said, trying to sound annoyed.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92ve come to see how you\'92re doing.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93After you put me in a metal box? Whoopty-fucking-doo.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i \cf0 Don\'92t overplay the anger, Nora.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 \'93Don\'92t mistake my kindness for sympathy, miss Reins. You are exactly where you\'92ve put yourself.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora turned over on the bed and faced the wall, ignoring Silva.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Then why torment me with it?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Because you don\'92t own it. You run from it, even in a place where you can barely put one foot in front of the other without hitting a wall.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora looked over her shoulder.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Is this all you\'92ve come to do? Lecture me?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva stared deep into her eyes, then sighed and looked away. \'93No, of course not. I\'92m not a monster, you know.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Then what?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Word has gotten out that you are here. For now nobody\'92s figured out where 
\i here
\i0  is, exactly, but it\'92s only a matter of time now. I thought you should know.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i \cf0 Nothing I didn\'92t already know.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 Nora thought for a while about how she\'92d respond if it were new information. She relaxed.\
\'93Thanks, Detective Silva.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Don\'92t mention it.\'94 She paused, \'93and I mean that. You\'92d be doing me a solid. Anything I can get you?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Some water would be nice,\'94 Nora said.
\f1 \

\f0 Their eyes met for an instant and they both smirked.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Alright, water." Silva pointed at her. "But I\'92m watching you drink it, deal?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Deal.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Silva double tapped the door and Brady opened it. She walked out and closed the door. Nora sat up on the bed and bounced her knees together.
\f1 \

\f0 When Silva returned with a cup of water, she hesitated for a moment before handing it to Nora.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Now, I better not come back to the smell of urine.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93
\i Yuck.
\i0 \'94
\f1 \

\f0 She handed the cup to Nora.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Good. Here, drink up.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora started drinking it quickly.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Take your time, I\'92ve got plenty,\'94 Silva said as she pulled a chair from the corner towards her and sat down.\
\'93How are things out there?\'94 Nora asked.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Crazy like you wouldn\'92t believe. Or maybe you would, you being you.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What\'92s that supposed to mean?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You\'92ve been on the receiving end of this kind of madness before. This time its worse. Much worse.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Because its everybody?\'94\
Silva looked her dead in the eyes, causing her to flinch.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Have you been hacking the security system again?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93No. Just the public broadcast frequencies,\'94 Nora said, attempting\'96\'96and failing\'96\'96 to hide the fact she was a little proud of pulling it off.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I won\'92t even bother asking how, but seriously, Reins, do you ever 
\i not
\i0  get yourself in trouble?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Not in my experience. But to be fair, it\'92s mostly other people that get me in trouble.\'94\
Silva sighed.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93To answer your \'91
\i question\'92\'94
\i0 , Silva air-quoted, \'94yes, it\'92s almost everybody this time. And even though I think you\'92re not involved, a lot of other people don\'92t believe that.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93
\i Great
\i0 \'94, Nora said in an overly extended way. She finished her water and handed the cup to Silva, who got up and put the chair back in the corner.\
\'93Hence the warning. I\'92m sure it\'92ll be fine, but we might need to move you somewhere more secure if things get out of hand. Just so you know.\'94\
\'93Yeh, thanks.\'94\
Silva tapped the door again and it swung open.\
\'93Hang tough, kiddo.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f1 \cf0 \
}