{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Silva watched as Paul and Nora left the precinct through the front door. Nora's relief was easy to spot after the interrogation, but Paul still looked anxious to her; his stride stiff, eyes darting. Paul kept his left hand on Nora's back as he increased their pace. Jones came up behind her; she could almost hear his mood changing.\

\i Here we go.
\i0 \
"What's this?"\
"Schultz ordered her release."\
"He did 
\i what!?
\i0 "\
"Calm down, Jones. Your little outburst gave her lawyer a lot to work with. Can you really blame anybody but yourself? Besides, we don't have anything to hold her for."\
"We don't? Everybody's just ignoring that little collective knockout we suffered, then?"\
"She has an alibi, and I'm her eye witness. I don't think you have a case."\
"She tricked you. That's what she does, Silva."\
"That's what you think she does. You don't even know her, Jones."\
"And neither do you. Why are you so quick to trust her."\
"Because I tried to actually talk to her, instead of some figment of her past."\
"You want me to move on, is it? Tough talk coming from you."\

\i Why do I even bother when he's like this.\

\i0 She put her right hand on his shoulder, looked him in the eye and said "Stop. Breathe. Think. Don't go there again."\
"I'm s-sorry," he stammered, clearly still fuming but equally distressed about his own behaviour.\
"Good. I'm sorry for being so blunt about it."\

\i Too bad somebody has to be.\

\i0 Jones walked off at a quick pace.\
"Where are you going?" Silva asked.\
"Following up on a lead," he shouted back as he went down the stairs towards the underground parking area. Silva waited for a minute or two before going after him.\
\
Once they were out of the line of sight from the precinct Paul slowed down, took a deep breath and spoke plainly.\
"Nora, it's me, Bob."\
"Bob?" Nora gasped. "You're a lawyer?"\
Her mind had so many conflicting questions she didn't know how to untangle them all.\
"Why did you come here?"\
"Is your short-term memory this bad? To get you out of a pinch."\
"And here I thought you didn't give a shit," she laughed and immediately felt guilty. "Sorry about that."\
"Don't worry about it," Paul smiled. "That's intentional."\
"Never been so happy about being wrong, though. How did you find me? Better yet, how do you know who I am?"\
"Jack told us he was released, and where he'd been. I put two and two together after our last conversation. I figured following the event you'd be in real danger of incarceration, so I thought it best to get you out while the dust settled."\
"Thanks, Bob. Paul."\
Paul grabbed her by both shoulders and stared her in the face. "This never happened, okay?"\
"Of course," Nora said, uncomfortably. Paul let her go and walked to his car, which had approached them from where it was parked in the adjacent street.\
"You have a car!?" She said as he got into the car, that had opened the driver-side door automatically as it stopped. He opened the passenger door for her.\
"I'm a lawyer, Nora. Why would I 
\i not
\i0  have a car of my own?"\
"Yeh, I guess," she said as she got into the passenger seat and the door closed on its own. "I'm still getting over the fact you're a lawyer." \
"Now where should I take you? I suggest you don't go home. Do you have anywhere you can lie low?"\
Nora didn't have to think long about her answer. "Not really. My apartment 
\i was
\i0  that place, and I doubt going to work is any better."\
"Alright. I'll drop you off at a friend's. You'll be safe with him, at least for a while."\
Paul touched the steering wheel with his right hand and said "F.O. dash one". A quick chime sounded and the car took off.}