{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Six days had passed. Six days of pretending you didn't know what was going on; of trying to convince yourself there was a good chance you we wrong; of smiling and laughing through a veil of anxiety. It had exhausted Silva, who'd basically started working two jobs. The one she'd always had, investigating various cybercrime cases\'96\'96the hack in particular\'96\'96with Jones, and the one she'd argued herself into, following her relatively new partner everywhere he went in a rented car. She'd quickly gotten used to the tedium involved, especially now that she had been forced to suffer it alone.\
Schultz was standing, arms folded, at his window; his back to Silva, who'd sat down in the chair opposite his desk.\
"You know, I really hoped you were wrong," Schultz said.\
"So did I."\
"Our kids go to the same school for christs' sake. We go to their birthday parties together."\
He sighed. "I should have seen it sooner. D'you know he never went for Detective until he lost Rose?"\
"He's not much for sharing in that department."\
"Yeh, I guess he wouldn't be."\
Schultz stood in silence for a while before sitting down and continuing.\
"Let's get this over with," he said firmly. "Did you manage to find out how he scrubbed his feed?"\
Silva shook her head. "Nothing conclusive, but he'd been clever about it. There was a 43 minute gap, but you wouldn't have noticed it unless you knew it was there. Parked his car in the exact same spot facing a wall and pretended he'd forgotten something when he returned. If it hadn't been for my feed, we wouldn't have had much to go on. Stayed out of visual range of CCTV too. There are probably more of them, but it's an incredible haystack and we have no idea when he threw the needles in. I'm considering requesting a deep search for it, but I'm not sure how far back to go, and if he scrubbed around places we don't record we're blind as it is."\
"Do it anyway, and start from his appointment to this particular investigation, maybe a week or two earlier. How is Wilks responding to our inquiry?"\
"He's given up denying they spoke, but he won't admit they knew each other. He says he lied because he thought Jones was acting outside of protocol, and he didn't want to kick the hornet's nest."\
Schultz chuckled defeatedly. "Hard to prove otherwise."\
"Has the DA come through at all?"\
"I've been pushing him for almost a week on the murder-by-proxy charge. He won't go for it, because it lacks precedent and we don't have anything conclusive."\
"How would we, though. That's the whole problem. Have we spoken to Thomas Ginney about this?"\
"I talked to homicide. They've got an officer watching him round-the-clock. Campbell, whom you probably know. Ginney's lucid, but still recovering, and apparently quite popular with her and the hospital crew."\
"Not unlike his profile would suggest. I've worked with Campbell before. Pitbull, that girl."\
"So I've heard. Ginney would have undergone quite a change to go from much-loved homeless man, to murdering psychopath, to hospital favourite; all in under a fortnight."\
"Yeh, I'm not liking him for it. So what did we end up charging 
\i them
\i0  with?" She pointed her thumb over her shoulder.\
"Conspiracy to commit murder, currently. I'm just not sure that'll stick, because it would have been done by-proxy. We'll still need to prove they believed the hack would turn Ginney loose on Barnes."\
"But if we do, we might be able to introduce the by-proxy charge."\
"Not unless conspiracy is conclusive. DA won't go for by-proxy without an airtight case on that."\
"How long do we have?" Silva asked.\
"Less than a week."\
"No time to lose then."\
"Exactly. Have you had any luck tracking down Sorensen?"\
"Nothing. He's a ghost. Beyond the fact that he exists, I can't seem to find much of anything on him."\
"And Reins?"\
"Still off the grid. Called in sick and hasn't been seen since we let her go. Wilks won't tell me where she is unless I give him a good reason to talk to her, and even then he'll bring her in himself. He's promised me she's still in town, and I have no reason to think he's lying about it."\
"Quite protective of her, isn't he, this Wilks character."\
"Very. Haven't been able to figure out why."\
"Let's worry about that\'96\'96\'96."\
Schultz was interrupted by a loud crash, and the precinct alarm that kicked in shortly after. Through the thick doors they heard yelling and gunfire. One of the officers yelled through the intercom.\
"We have armed assailants, I repeat, armed\'96\'96\'96," he was cut off.\
Schultz and Silva looked at each other. \
"We need to retreat into interrogation," Schultz said. "I'll open get the door, you keep me covered."\
"Check," she said as she unholstered her brand new, never-before-used service weapon.\
As soon as Schultz opened the door it was clear the precinct was being overrun. Officer Brady had barricaded himself behind his desk, but his path to the security door was a perilous gamble. Schultz shot accross the hall and ducked against the door with his back, hitting the biometric release with his right hand from cover. Silva fired a few round towards their attackers that were slowly streaming into the central office.\
"Get to interrogation!" She shouted to Brady, beckoning him to make a run for the door, but he shook his head. "Get in there already, I'm stuck here!"\
Schultz stepped into interrogation and Silva ran in after him.\
"Come on, Brady!"\
"Close the door, I'm coming," he yelled back.\
Silva hit the button on the inside to close the door just as Brady made his move. He was almost floored by one of the attackers, but managed to get a shot off; incapacitating them. He'd been delayed too much though, because when he reached the door it had closed too far to let him in. The assailants were close behind. He pressed into the closing door with his back, and raised his gun to fend them off.}