{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AndaleMono;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy8\hr23\min53\sec16\timesinceref505608796}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Earlier that evening, Nora was having a good time with a couple of newfound friends on the 
\i 'F.O. Dash\'92
\i0  network, as she'd decided to enunciate it. David had let her use it as much as she wanted, provided he could use it in private when he needed to. He was a stickler for privacy, she'd learned, but also shared a lot of what he was thinking.\
Keyboards turned out to be less clunky than she'd originally thought, and this disconnected, non-sense way of chatting had introduced its own benefits; you could say that you were smiling, or laughing, or crying, or dancing; all without actually having to move. Not that you'd really move when phasing into a sense room, but it still felt like you did.\

\i I can't even be bothered to move in a virtual space. Wow. I am really, really lazy.\

\i0 David had told her a lot about himself. He didn't have an implant, which Nora thought was a strange choice. He'd told her he liked to fly solo, and never enjoyed the idea of people putting a computer in their brain. Given her experience as a test subject, her fame as an early success, and the subsequent fallout during her late teens after the eponymous Reins event, she couldn't blame him for his absolutist perspective. He hadn't judged her either, even after she'd admitted who she was\'96\'96something he said he'd suspected from the moment Paul had dropped her off.\
She'd recorded a short part of their latest conversation, for fun. After her little stunt with Silva, she'd gotten a taste for the feature she'd avoided almost entirely until then. She leaned back in her seat and played it back.\
\
Nora was greeted with her own perspective; a particularly vomit inducing thing to perceive, especially if you'd moved your head a lot in the original recording\'96\'96your brain complaining when you didn't match it while you watched.\
"Do you mind if I record our conversation?" Nora asked.\
"Not at all."\
"Good, because I started already."\
David laughed. "Is there a way you can share that with me at some point?"\
"I can try." Nora looked around. "Maybe I can stream it to one of these monitors, but none of them are sense enabled, so I'll have to find something to stream from."\
"Alright, no worries. So, what do you want to talk about?" David asked.\
Nora was still considering the previous question. "Of course, I 
\i could
\i0  just learn to output analog AV. I'll become the first human VGA converter," she laughed.\
"Now you're just showing off. I'll believe that when I see it."\
"Deal. So, you've heard about this hack, right?"\
"Of course. Who hasn't?"\
"Any ideas whodunnit?"\
"I've been doing a bunch of research on this, actually."\
"Cool."\
"But not so much about who did it, more how it relates to the event."\
"All those people in the city passing out last week?"\
"The city? This was a global event, Nora."\
"Really? I had no idea," she paused. "Sheesh."\
"Exactly. I've been collecting reports from across the globe, and people without implants like myself are all entirely unaffected. So I believe the event must be implant-related."\
"And the hack?"\
"Is obviously implant-related, but its proximity to the event can't be a coincidence. I think the hack must have set off some chain of events that culminated in the event."\
"What kind of chain?"\
"That's what I'm still trying to piece together. Maybe you can help me at some point."\
"Sure, but what can I do?"\
"I don't have an implant, and you're a bit of a savant with yours, so I'm guessing there'll come a time when I'll need a bit of savant hacking to find answers."\
"Sounds fun!"\
"Good! By the way, for the research, you were unaffected by the event too, right?"\
"Yep. Me and the Detective both."\
"Him too? Hmm, and where were you at the time?"\
"Her. Detective Silva was questioning me in one of their dark rooms."\
"I see. That means we can't be certain either of you were 
\i immune
\i0  to the event. Maybe you were, but I'm seeing a one hundred percent unaffected rate from people in dark rooms or zones so far, which basically means that isn't a coincidence."\
Nora turned off the recording when she noticed the F.O. Dash had new messages on its public channel.\

\i \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f1\i0\fs22 \cf0 FO-7:	Who's live?\
FO-5:	Here.\
FO-1:	0/\
\
[\'85]	TODO: Friendly banter.\
\
FO-3:	Might I remind you all that we're due for the raid.\
		If you intend to come, and I advise you do, leave now.\
		I've gone through all our other channels already, so\
		don\'92t bother.\
FO-5:	Shit, lost track of time. Omw\
FO-1:	What raid?\
FO-3: 	You haven't been informed?\
FO-1: 	I guess I missed the memo.\
FO-3: 	Well, whatever. We meet at Luther Gulick Playground at \
		8PM. Bring a gun if you have one. You'll be late if you\
		don't hurry.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 Guns?\

\i0 Nora wondered what they were going to raid that would require guns; regardless it sounded bad. So far all of them had seemed very friendly. She checked where their meeting location was, ignoring the warning on her overlay that her current location was unknown. Her offline map was available; a precaution she'd taken in case she was ever in a dead zone. Not that she'd often found herself in one, except for the last few weeks, but she hated relying on anything\'96\'96or anyone\'96\'96that could be absent when you most needed it.\
Luther Gulick Playground. It wasn't very far from where she was, maybe a fifteen minute walk. In fact, it was a stone's throw away from Silva's precinct.\

\i Shit, that's where they're going.\

\i0 She checked the time on her overlay.\

\i 7:49, damnit.\

\i0 There was barely enough time to get to the precinct before 8PM if she ran, and even then what could she possibly do once she got there; no doubt the raid would already be underway. She figured that was a problem to face once she was there, so she got up, grabbed her coat and left the apartment in such a rush that she forgot to turn the computer off.}