{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \'93
\i Lights, Sensors, Action!
\i0 \'94 A voice bellowed across the wide-open space, signalling Robert Park to prepare for his triumphant entry from the balustrade\'97balancing precariously over an early 22nd century set.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 One-Mississippi, two-Mississippi.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Robert bounced on his feet as he counted.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Three-Mississippi, four-Mississippi.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 No further signals would be coming from the area below, which required absolute silence way beyond the audible spectrum.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Five-Mississippi, aaaand.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 He pushed off and launched himself into the vacant space ahead of him, his brown hair waving heroically as he flew.
\f1 \

\f0 People had said the action scene would die out before too long, but nothing was further from the truth. The advent of virtuality had brought with it a renewed desire for the real\'97the probable\'97in ways that purely generated visuals had proven difficult of adequately providing on their own; something about them always reminded you that what you were looking at wasn\'92t actually happening. A renewed, nostalgic hunger for practically assisted effects was born\'96\'96and with it, Robert\'92s sizeable pay-check.
\f1 \

\f0 The pulley system that carried him across the chasm was working beautifully, but as soon as he\'92d swung around the corner of a styrofoam building\'97a move he\'92d rehearsed dozens of times with safety equipment\'97he noticed a glaring problem. Nobody was manning it on the other end; a crucial impediment to his plan of 
\i not 
\i0 crashing into a brick wall at the end of the ride.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Joh-h-hny,\'94 his voice wavered, \'93where are you!?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 He scrambled to grab the emergency brake, which had been cleverly hidden from sight to avoid recording it; creating the problematic side-effect that he was now unable to find it. While he scrambled for the lever his wandering eyes found Johnny, who was knocked out\'97having fallen a few feet down from his post.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Oh, shit!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 His speed increased as he approached the final inclination, flying square across the safety mat that had been placed very neatly before what he most often described as a 
\i place full of stuff
\i0 \'97most definitely a no-fly zone.
\f1 \

\f0 As he cut through the equipment that was setup to record the space he occupied\'97up to the most minute details\'97some of his clothes tore apart and lots of dangly bits slashed into his skin.
\f1 \

\f0 He yelled continuously as he emerged from the clutter\'97dragging ripped cables in his wake\'97and flew straight towards the wall that cordoned this area off from another set, making a loud grunting noise as he finally slammed into it. Luckily the pulley hadn\'92t been built to extend this far, so it had slowed him down a little on his final approach.
\f1 \

\f0 Still dangling from the pulley, he slowly drifted back away from the wall. Once he\'92d recovered from the blow, he finally found the emergency brake; he pulled it to stop himself and undid himself from the rope system. Since he was drifting face-up, he hadn\'92t realized how far up he still was\'97falling down several yards and landing on his left arm.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Oof!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Once back on his feet he saw that most of the crew was either staring into nothingness, or laying on the ground. His arm had been dislocated, leaving him incapable of raising it. Using his right arm, he grabbed his left wrist and pulled the arm forward across his chest until a heavy pop hit him hard\'97making him yelp.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 Motherf\'97.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 Robert stumbled back towards the set, making sure not to step into any broken equipment along the way.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0\i \cf0 I should have gotten a stunt-man for this one.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl400

\f0 \cf0 As he rubbed his aching shoulder, he saw the crew around him come back to their senses\'97the ones that had fallen scrambling to their feet, hands on their heads.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93R-Robert? Is that you? What are you doing down here?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Zack had lost his glasses in the turmoil and had only just noticed Robert was standing next to him.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What the fuck are you talking about, Zack? We just shot the scene! We damn well 
\i better 
\i0 have, after this massive cock-up!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92m n\'97not\'94, Zack stammered.
\f1 \

\f0 Robert had already trotted off beyond the safety mat.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Johnny!?\'94 He yelled, pitching his voice in a condemning way.
\f1 \

\f0 When he turned the corner, he found a young man touching his head in various places and checking his hands between motions.
\f1 \

\f0 Robert sighed, \'93you\'92re not bleeding. Get up.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Mind telling me what the hell you\'92re doing on the floor?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Johnny trembled as he looked up at Robert, who was considerably taller than him.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'97I\'85 I don\'92t.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You don\'92t what?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92m so sorry, Mr. Park!\'94 Johnny cowered.
\f1 \

\f0 Robert folded his arms, which he immediately undid and reminded himself never to do again.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Try telling the suits that,\'94 he looked at his shoulder with a contorted face. \'93Probably won\'92t be able to record for at least a week!\'94 He slapped Johnny across the shoulder with his right hand.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Ouch!\'94
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0 \cf0 Walking towards the center of the set, Robert noticed almost everybody was similarly confused. What the hell happened to them? One second everybody was on-point and alert, the next they were fumbling.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 He wondered if other people had also been affected, and so he moved over to the adjacent set and found a similar scene. Climbing on top of a large, slanted rock, he stood triumphantly amongst the scenery\'97the crew confused and perturbed, looking for an explanation. It was then that he decided to do what he did best: 
\i act
\i0 .}