{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 BookmanOldStyle;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}

{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Aaron Oostdijk}
{\creatim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}
{\revtim\yr2017\mo1\dy3\hr22\min18\sec25\timesinceref505171105}}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0\fs24 \cf0 All the tech in the world hadn\'92t been able to change the nature of human memory, which\'97if you valued the sanity of your clients\'97required it to be fallible. Nora had never really been attracted to the on-demand memory banks that had filled that particular void. She elected rather to condemn the past to oblivion\'97where it belonged. There was something about uncertainty she liked. Uncertainty was 
\i safe
\i0 \'97you could hide in the vastness of probability, much like you could hide in the crowd on a subway platform.\cf0 \
Buzzing platform speakers, hissing with the unmistakable presence of silence, immediately got her full attention. They so rarely carried any news at all that anything they 
\i did 
\i0 share was ultimately crucial, and most often bad. The female voice that emerged would have been lifelike, had it not been for the awkward pauses.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0 \cf0 \'93Ladies and gentlemen, the next, 8th Avenue-bound, L-train, will depart in approximately, thirty-seven, minutes.\'94
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0\i \cf0 Thirty-seven minutes? What the actual fuck?
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0 \cf0 Nora looked around and saw mostly blank faces. Nobody seemed to care the subway was this late, calling her to question what was weirder: New York subways being over thirty minutes late for no apparent reason, or New Yorkers not giving a damn about it. 
\f1 \

\f0 She decided no amount of lunch money-saving was worth the trouble, and made her way\'97which had become quite difficult\'97back to the stairs.
\f1 \

\f0 Once outside a notice from her Sense group puzzled her. She\'92d disabled most of the overlay notifications, since they annoyed the crap out of her. A select few had been left on\'97the disband notice in this case, triggered when a group was to be dissolved; a rare occurrence, especially with larger groups. Their ultimate fate was more likely to be abandonment.
\f1 \

\f0 She looked for a place to sit down\'97phasing safely had never been one of her strong suits\'97which she found in a small bench facing the street, overlooking a large company banner. On it was the face of a young woman smiling, and at the bottom right of the wide, digital canvas the words 
\i It just makes Sense
\i0  were written. There really was no escaping them, it seemed.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400
\cf0 As soon as Nora got her bearings she realized she was standing face to face with the droid.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Welcome back, N!\'94 It yelled\'97jubilantly\'97with no apparent regard for their spatial separation.
\f1 \

\f0 The room was, it seemed, not 
\i much 
\i0 bigger than a broom closet. Whoever had been tasked with maintaining the settings had no doubt been passive-aggressive with their execution, as so many of the candidates were likely to be.
\f1 \

\f0 A single table adorned the small, square room, which had automatically reverted back to a barren, grey-white gradient environment. There was a note on the table.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\i \cf0 Following a breach of trust from one of our members, which has created a threat to our other operations from law-enforcement (should they find us here and link all of them together), I have decided to disband this group. Most of you will know how to find each other, and some of our other activities have their own, smaller groups. I hope this all finds you well. Should you need more information, you\'92ll have to earn it by contacting me personally.
\f1\i0 \

\f0\i -You know who
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400
\cf0 This had Bob written all over it, even if you managed to forget the fact he was the only one authorized to disband at all. Nora wondered what had happened, exactly; she didn\'92t like rushing into conversations unprepared. Mildly exciting things happened from time to time, and Bob was usually the one to blow them out of proportion, but he was\'97and always had been\'97the glue that held them all together. He\'92d deserved the benefit of the doubt every single time, even though he was mostly just plain wrong.
\f1 \

\f0  This also wasn\'92t the first time he had threatened to disband. Even though it was as such, the group\'92s current status was still active, so it could be reverted\'97and so far always had been. Nora needed a way to get in touch with Bob, but she\'92d much rather bring Bob to her than go after him. If there was one thing you could do to get the attention of a paranoid hacker, it was hack them. Now, hacking a person\'92s overlay directly was pretty much impossible, but hacking a group you\'92re already a part of?
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0\i \cf0 Easy.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\slminimum400

\f0 \cf0 Nora strained herself a little as she perused the system\'92s security structure, trying not to visualize but 
\i feel
\i0  her way through; the familiar calm came back quickly, good as new. It didn\'92t take long for her to bring up the administration panel\'97which was only a single access level from her current status. Admittedly, she\'92d installed a backdoor several years earlier which made this a little 
\i too
\i0  easy\'97something she now regretted.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Hmm. First order of business,\'94 she murmured to herself as she deleted the droid\'97which promptly disintegrated.
\f1 \

\f0 She then changed the access lists, giving her founder access and making Bob essentially powerless\'97retaining only the ability to speak freely. This would trigger a message to Bob.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93And now, we wait.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 There was something about talking to yourself for years that made you forget you were alone. Things you\'92d only do when alone, private habits, tended to bleed into other situations. Nora started whistling out of tune to the music on her overlay, ignoring the fact she was sitting on a street bench surrounded by other people. They were acting like zombies anyway.
\f1 \

\f0 About a minute later Bob popped into existence alongside her.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Welcome back, Bob!\'94 she yelled, as she conjured confetti and threw it all over him\'97because why 
\i not
\i0 , exactly.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93
\i Jeez!
\i0  What\'85 Oh, it\'92s you.\'94 Bob\'92s face was covered in confetti-stained glare.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Yes. Who did you expect?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What\'92s with the confetti,\'94 he looked at the colour-stained floor, back up and around. \'93Where\'92s the droid?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora cut a line across her throat with her finger.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Dead. It was, alas, no match for me.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Right.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Mind telling me what the hell happened?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Bob made a surly noise, which his face mimicked\'97his eyebrows crushing together.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Jack\'92s been picked up by the cops,\'94 he said slowly whilst attempting\'97and failing\'97not to sound irate.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What? Seriously?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93
\i Quite
\i0 .\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Where is he?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Not sure. Took him from right outside his apartment, apparently. Stormed in here screaming all hell, making little sense before he got cut off.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Is this related to the map he stole?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93He sure seemed to think so.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93And here I thought he was full of shit as usual. 
\i Damn it
\i0 .\'94
\f1 \

\f0 An awkward silence erupted.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Kind of makes you feel guilty, doesn\'92t it,\'94 Nora said.
\f1 \

\f0 Bob nodded. \'93You more than me, probably.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What the hell would they want with him, though?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You haven\'92t heard?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Heard what?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Bob sighed, then took a deep breath.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Rumor is, there\'92s been a hack. And I mean, 
\i hack
\i0 .\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Some things are so rare, you don\'92t even have words for them. Instead, they drift on the periphery of the common tongue, surviving purely on emphasis.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Like, a person?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That\'92s the rumor. By itself I wouldn\'92t think anything of it, but Jack\'92s arrest is a little too convenient. And he isn\'92t the only one. Something is definitely going on.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Hmm.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 People always told Nora she tended to say this far too often, but it was not without merit. It usually meant she had something to say, but needed somebody to ask\'97giving a priori confirmation of their willingness to listen.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93It\'92s just, some kid came in this morning. He brought a patch that, if I understood it correctly, fixes a bio-side leak.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93You say that as if it\'92s supposed to mean anything to me.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Heh, sorry. Look at it this way. When your interface hooks itself up to your brain, it auto-develops an API for it. Your brain sort of does the same thing on the other end, the details of which I don\'92t understand. The patch fixes a weakness from that side of the connection.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93If you say so.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Bob\'92s expression was so neutral it looped back around into meaning.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93I\'92ll stop trying to explain it now.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Thank you.\'94 Bob smiled honestly for the first time since he\'92d shown up.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Anyway, if there\'92s a rumored hack, that\'92s probably it,\'94 Nora concluded. \'93I don\'92t know how the map is related to the hack, but maybe there\'92s some angle we\'92re not seeing.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Bob raised a finger for a second, then put it down again slowly as he looked away, avoiding Nora\'92s inquisitive gaze.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93There\'92s a detail in the rumor I neglected to mention,\'94 he started.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Which is?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Bob paused, tilting his head and making a painful grimace.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93The person that got hacked supposedly killed somebody.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Wait, what!? I thought this was just some random hack. This changes everything!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Bob\'92s expression had reverted back to its irate form.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93If it\'92s murder, then Jack could be in serious shit if\'a0they pin him with this even a little,\'94 Nora continued.
\f1 \

\f0 Bob threw his hands up. \'93What do you expect me to do about it!?\'94 
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Shit, I don\'92t know.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Nora felt Bob was putting her on the spot, but to be honest there really only seemed to be one way to go about this\'97a solution he\'92d probably heard before, and didn\'92t care to have repeated.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Somebody needs to go talk to the cops, and convince them Jack\'92s not involved.\'94
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Agreed. Let me know how that pans out,\'94 Bob said almost immediately, folded arms at the ready. His ability to stop giving a shit when it was convenient for him was starting to piss Nora off.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93What exactly 
\i is
\i0  your problem with the cops, anyway?\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Bob\'92s figure started glitching again, as he raised his voice and pointed a finger at Nora.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93That\'92s off-limits, N, and you know it! Hell, what\'92s yours? If you like them so much, go talk to them yourself!\'94
\f1 \

\f0 Bob disappeared. Nora closed her eyes and tried to exhale the stress, which required several attempts.
\f1 \

\f0 \'93Nice going, Nora,\'94 she scolded herself.
\f1 \

\f0 Nora put both her hands on her face and leaned into them. As she played out every scenario she could think of, none of them kept both her and Jack out of trouble\'97or worse, prison.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1

\f0\i \cf0 Well, shit.}